PROMPT_FILE: prompts/dg_simple_v2.txt

---DOCUMENT---
⟦s000001⟧ exhibit b-6 [execution version] credit agreement dated as of november 10, 2003 among the connecticut light and power company, western massachusetts electric company, yankee gas services company, and public service company of new hampshire as borrowers the banks named herein and citibank, n.a. as administrative agent citigroup global markets inc. and banc one capital markets, inc., as joint lead arrangers barclays bank plc union bank of california, n.a. bank one, na as co-syndication agents fleet national bank as documentation agent credit agreement dated as of november 10, 2003 this credit agreement is made by and among: (i) the connecticut light and power company, a corporation organized under the laws of the state of connecticut ("cl&p"); (ii) western massachusetts electric company, a corporation organized under the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts ("wmeco"); (iii) yankee gas services company, a corporation organized under the laws of the state of connecticut ("yankee"); (iv) public service company of new hampshire, a corporation organized under the laws of the state of new hampshire ("psnh"; cl&p, wmeco, yankee and psnh each being a "borrower", and collectively, the "borrowers").
⟦s000002⟧ (v) the financial institutions (the "banks") listed on the signature pages hereof and the other lenders (as hereinafter defined) from time to time party hereto; and (vi) citibank, n.a. ("citibank"), as administrative agent for the lenders hereunder. preliminary statement the borrowers have requested the banks to provide the credit facility hereinafter described in the amounts and on the terms and conditions set forth herein. the banks have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and the administrative agent has agreed to act as agent for the lenders on such terms and conditions. based upon the foregoing and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: article i definitions and accounting terms section 1.01. certain defined terms. as used in this agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be applicable to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): "administrative agent" means citibank, in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder, or any successor thereto as provided herein.
⟦s000003⟧ "advance" means a contract advance.
⟦s000004⟧ "affiliate" means, with respect to any person, any other person directly or indirectly controlling (including, but not limited to, all directors and officers of such person), controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with such person. a person shall be deemed to control another entity if such person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
⟦s000005⟧ "agreement" means this credit agreement, as the same may be modified, amended and/or supplemented pursuant to the terms hereof.
⟦s000006⟧ "applicable facility fee rate" means, for each borrower for any day, the percentage per annum set forth below in effect on such day, determined on the basis of the applicable rating level of cl&p: applicable facility fee rate applicable rating level percentage (%) level i 0.100 level ii 0.125 level iii 0.150 level iv 0.200 level v 0.500 any change in the applicable facility fee rate caused by a change in the applicable rating level shall take effect at the time such change in the applicable rating level shall occur.
⟦s000007⟧ "applicable lending office" means, with respect to each lender: (i) in the case of any contract advance, (a) such lender's "eurodollar lending office" in the case of a eurodollar rate advance or (b) such lender's "domestic lending office" in the case of a base rate advance, in each case as specified opposite such lender's name on schedule i hereto or in the lender assignment pursuant to which it became a lender; or (ii) in each case, such other office of such lender as such lender may from time to time specify in writing to the borrowers and the administrative agent.
⟦s000008⟧ "applicable margin" means, for each borrower, for any day for any outstanding contract advance, the percentage per annum set forth below in effect on such day, determined on the basis of the applicable rating level for such borrower: applicable margin (percentage %) rating eurodollar utilization base rate utilization level rate margin advances margin advances for (%) for base (%) eurodollar rate rate advances advances (%) level i 0.600 0.125 0.000 0.125 level ii 0.750 0.125 0.000 0.125 level iii 0.850 0.125 0.000 0.125 level iv 1.050 0.125 0.050 0.125 level v 1.500 0.500 0.500 0.500 provided, that (x) the applicable margin for eurodollar rate advances shall be increased by the rate per annum set forth above under the caption "utilization margin for eurodollar rate advances" that corresponds to the applicable rating level used to determine such applicable margin and (y) the applicable margin for base rate advances shall be increased by the rate per annum set forth above under the caption "utilization margin for base rate advances" that corresponds to the applicable rating level used to determine such applicable margin, in any case, during any period in which the total principal amount of outstanding advances is greater than one-half of the total commitment. any change in the applicable margin caused by a change in the applicable rating level shall take effect at the time such change in the applicable rating level shall occur.
⟦s000009⟧ "applicable rate" means, with respect to any advance made to any borrower, either of (i) the base rate from time to time applicable to such advance plus the applicable margin, or (ii) the eurodollar rate from time to time applicable to such advance plus the applicable margin.
⟦s000010⟧ "applicable rating level" for each borrower, shall be determined at any time and from time to time on the basis of the reference ratings applicable to such borrower, in accordance with the following: applicable rating level s&p moody's level i a- or higher a3 or higher level ii bbb+ baa1 level iii bbb baa2 level iv bbb- baa3 level v bb+ or lower ba1 or lower in the event that the reference ratings do not correspond to the same applicable rating level, then the lower of the two ratings shall determine the applicable rating level, except that if the reference ratings differ by more than one level, the level that is one level higher than the level corresponding to the lower of such ratings shall determine the applicable rating level; provided, that the foregoing exception shall not apply in any case when the lower of such ratings shall correspond to level iv or level v, in which case the applicable rating level corresponding to such lower rating shall determine the applicable rating level; provided, further, that if such borrower has outstanding borrower debt (or secured debt, if secured debt then forms the basis for reference ratings pursuant to the definition of "reference ratings" in this section 1.01) and both moody's and s&p shall have ceased to issue or maintain ratings on such borrower debt (or secured debt, as the case may be), then the applicable rating level shall be level v. the applicable rating level shall be redetermined as and when any change in the ratings used in the determination thereof shall be announced by s&p or moody's, as the case may be.
⟦s000011⟧ "approved fund" means any person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business that is administered or managed by (i) a lender, (ii) an affiliate of a lender or (iii) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a lender.

⟦s000013⟧ "available commitments" shall refer to the aggregate of the lenders' available commitments hereunder.
⟦s000014⟧ "banks" has the meaning assigned to that term in the caption to this agreement.
⟦s000015⟧ "base rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by the administrative agent in its principal place of business from time to time as the administrative agent's base rate; (b) 1/2 of one percent per annum above the latest three-week moving average of secondary market morning offering rates in the united states for three-month certificates of deposit of major united states money market banks, adjusted to the nearest 1/32 of one percent (the "cd rate"); and (c) 1/2 of one percent per annum above the federal funds rate in effect from time to time. if the administrative agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the cd rate or the federal funds rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the administrative agent to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance with the terms thereof, the base rate shall be determined without regard to clause (b) of the first sentence of this definition, in the event the administrative agent is unable to ascertain the cd rate, and clause (c) of the first sentence of this definition, in the event the administrative agent is unable to ascertain the federal funds rate, until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. any change in the base rate due to a change in the administrative agent's base rate, the cd rate or the federal funds rate shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the administrative agent's base rate, the cd rate or the federal funds rate, respectively.
⟦s000016⟧ "base rate advance" means a contract advance in respect of which a borrower has selected in accordance with article iii hereof, or this agreement provides for, interest to be computed on the basis of the base rate.
⟦s000017⟧ "borrower" or "borrowers" has the meaning assigned to that term in the caption to this agreement.
⟦s000018⟧ "borrower debt" has the meaning specified in the definition of "reference ratings" in this section 1.01.
⟦s000019⟧ "borrower sublimit" means: (i) with respect to cl&p, $150,000,000, (ii) with respect to wmeco, $100,000,000, (iii) with respect to yankee, $100,000,000 and (iv) with respect to psnh, $100,000,000.
⟦s000020⟧ "borrowing" means a contract borrowing.
⟦s000021⟧ "business day" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in new york city and, if the applicable business day relates to any eurodollar rate advances, on which dealings are carried on in the london interbank market.

⟦s000024⟧ "cl&p" has the meaning assigned to that term in the caption to this agreement.
⟦s000025⟧ "closing date" has the meaning assigned to that term in section 5.01 hereof.
⟦s000026⟧ "commitment" means, for each lender, the aggregate amount set forth opposite such lender's name on the signature pages hereof or, if such lender has entered into one or more lender assignments, set forth for such lender in the register maintained by the administrative agent pursuant to section 10.07(c), in each such case as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to section 2.03 hereof.
⟦s000027⟧ "commitments" shall refer to the aggregate of the lenders' commitments hereunder.
⟦s000028⟧ "confidential information" has the meaning assigned to that term in section 10.08 hereof.

⟦s000030⟧ "consolidated ebit" means, for any borrower for any period (as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), the borrower's and its subsidiaries' net income for such period, adjusted as follows: (i) increased by the amount of federal and state income taxes to the extent deducted in the computation of such borrower's and/or its subsidiaries' consolidated net income for such period; (ii) increased by the amount of consolidated interest expense deducted in the computation of the borrower's and/or its subsidiaries' consolidated net income for such period; (iii) increased by the amount of dividends on preferred stock deducted in the computation of such borrower's and/or its subsidiaries' consolidated net income for such period; (iv) decreased (increased) by the gain (loss) on asset sales done outside the ordinary course of business by such borrower and/or its subsidiaries to the extent such gains (losses) are not offset by increases (decreases) in amortization of regulatory assets, and to the extent such gain (loss) is included in the computation of such borrower's and/or its subsidiaries' consolidated net income for such period; (v) decreased by the amount of revenues accrued by such borrower and/or its subsidiaries related to interest on stranded cost recovery obligations of such borrower, and increased by the amount of operating expenses accrued by such borrower and/or its subsidiaries related to interest on stranded cost recovery obligations of such borrower, in each case to the extent included in the computation of such borrower's and/or its subsidiaries' consolidated net income for such period; and (vi) increased, in the case of yankee, by the amount of any write-off associated with the unbilled revenue analysis conducted in the third fiscal quarter of 2003.
⟦s000031⟧ "consolidated interest expense" means, for any borrower, for any period, the aggregate amount of any interest required to be paid during such period by such borrower and its subsidiaries on debt (including the current portion thereof) (as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), excluding interest required to be paid on the stranded cost recovery obligations of such borrower.
⟦s000032⟧ "contract advance" means an advance by a lender to any borrower pursuant to article iii hereof, and refers to a eurodollar rate advance or a base rate advance (each of which shall be a "type" of contract advance). for purposes of this agreement, all contract advances of a lender (or portions thereof) of the same type and interest period, if any, made or converted on the same day to the same borrower shall be deemed to be a single advance by such lender until repaid.
⟦s000033⟧ "contract borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of one or more contract advances of the same type and interest period, if any, made to the same borrower on the same business day by the lenders, ratably in accordance with their respective commitments. a contract borrowing may be referred to herein as being a "type" of contract borrowing, corresponding to the type of contract advances comprising such borrowing. for purposes of this agreement, all contract advances of the same type and interest period, if any, made or converted on the same day to the same borrower shall be deemed a single contract borrowing hereunder until repaid.
⟦s000034⟧ "contract note" means a promissory note of any borrower payable to the order of a lender, in substantially the form of exhibit 1.01a hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of such borrower to such lender resulting from the contract advances made by such lender to such borrower.

⟦s000042⟧ "erisa plan termination event" means (i) a reportable event described in section 4043 of erisa and the regulations issued thereunder (other than a reportable event not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the pbgc under such regulations) with respect to an erisa plan or an erisa multiemployer plan, or (ii) the withdrawal of any borrower or any of its erisa affiliates from an erisa plan or an erisa multiemployer plan during a plan year in which it was a "substantial employer" as defined in section 4001(a)(2) of erisa, or (iii) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate an erisa plan or an erisa multiemployer plan or the treatment of an erisa plan amendment as a termination or of an erisa multiemployer plan amendment as a termination under section 4041 of erisa, or (iv) the institution of proceedings to terminate an erisa plan or an erisa multiemployer plan by the pbgc, or (v) any other event or condition which might constitute grounds under section 4042 of erisa for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any erisa plan or erisa multiemployer plan.
⟦s000043⟧ "eurocurrency liabilities" has the meaning assigned to that term in regulation d of the board of governors of the federal reserve system, as in effect from time to time.
⟦s000044⟧ "eurodollar rate" means, for each interest period for each eurodollar rate advance comprising part of the same borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the average (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the rates per annum at which deposits in u.s. dollars are offered by the principal office of each of the reference banks in london, england to prime banks in the london interbank market at 11:00 a.m. (london time) two business days before the first day of such interest period in the amount of $1,000,000 and for a period equal to such interest period. the eurodollar rate for the interest period for each eurodollar rate advance comprising part of the same borrowing shall be determined by the administrative agent on the basis of applicable rates furnished to and received by the administrative agent from the reference banks two business days before the first day of such interest period, subject, however, to the provisions of sections 3.05(d) and 4.03(g).
⟦s000045⟧ "eurodollar rate advance" means a contract advance in respect of which a borrower has selected in accordance with article iii hereof, or this agreement provides for, interest to be computed on the basis of the eurodollar rate.
⟦s000046⟧ "eurodollar reserve percentage" of any lender or its subparticipant, for each interest period for each eurodollar rate advance, means the reserve percentage applicable during such interest period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such percentages for those days in such interest period during which any such percentage shall be so applicable) under regulation d or other regulations issued from time to time by the board of governors of the federal reserve system (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement, without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets) for such lender or its subparticipant with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency liabilities having a term equal to such interest period.
⟦s000047⟧ "event of default" has the meaning specified in section 8.01 hereof.

⟦s000089⟧ "subsidiary" shall mean, with respect to any person (the "parent"), any corporation, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing 50% or more of the ordinary voting power are, at the time as of which any determination is being made, owned or controlled by the parent or one or more subsidiaries (whether direct or indirect) of the parent or by the parent and one or more such subsidiaries of the parent.
⟦s000090⟧ "taxes" has the meaning assigned to that term in section 4.05(a) hereof.
⟦s000091⟧ "termination date" means the earliest to occur of (i) november 8, 2004, or such later date to which the termination date shall be extended in accordance with section 2.04, (ii) the date of termination or reduction in whole of the commitments pursuant to section 2.03 or 8.02 or (iii) the date of acceleration of all amounts payable hereunder pursuant to section 8.02.
⟦s000092⟧ "total capitalization" means, at any date for any borrower, the sum of (i) consolidated debt of such borrower and its subsidiaries, (ii) the aggregate of the par value of, or stated capital represented by, the outstanding shares of all classes of common and preferred shares of such borrower and its subsidiaries and (iii) the consolidated surplus of such borrower and its subsidiaries, paid-in, earned and other capital, if any, in each case as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistent with those applied in the preparation of such borrower's financial statements.
⟦s000093⟧ "total commitment" means $300,000,000, or such lesser amount from time to time as shall equal the sum of the commitments.
⟦s000094⟧ "type" has the meaning assigned to such term (i) in the definition of "contract advance" when used in such context and (ii) in the definition of "contract borrowing" when used in such context.
⟦s000095⟧ "unmatured default" means the occurrence and continuance of an event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default.
⟦s000096⟧ "wmeco" has the meaning assigned to that term in the caption to this agreement.
⟦s000097⟧ "yankee" has the meaning assigned to that term in the caption to this agreement. section 1.02. computation of time periods. in the computation of periods of time under this agreement, any period of a specified number of days or months shall be computed by including the first day or month occurring during such period and excluding the last such day or month. in the case of a period of time "from" a specified date "to" or "until" a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each means "to but excluding". section 1.03. accounting terms; financial statements. all accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with the application employed in the preparation of the financial statements. all references contained herein to any borrower's annual report on form 10-k in respect of a fiscal year or quarterly report on form 10-q in respect of a fiscal quarter shall be deemed to include any exhibits and schedules thereto, including without limitation in the case of any annual report on form 10-k, any "annual report" of such borrower referred to therein. section 1.04. computations of outstandings. whenever reference is made in this agreement to the principal amount of advances outstanding under this agreement to one or more borrowers on any date, such reference shall refer to the aggregate principal amount of all such advances to such borrower(s) outstanding on such date after giving effect to (i) all advances to be made to such borrower(s) on such date and the application of the proceeds thereof and (ii) any repayment or prepayment of advances on such date by such borrower(s). article ii commitments section 2.01. the commitments.
⟦s000098⟧ (a) each lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make advances to the borrowers from time to time on any business day during the period from the closing date until the termination date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed on any day such lender's available commitment. within the limits of such lender's available commitment and such borrower's borrower sublimit, each borrower may request advances hereunder, repay or prepay advances and utilize the resulting increase in the available commitments for further advances in accordance with the terms hereof.
⟦s000099⟧ (b) in no event shall any borrower be entitled to request or receive any advance under subsection (a) that would cause the aggregate principal amount advanced pursuant thereto to exceed the available commitments. in no event shall any borrower be entitled to request or receive any advance that would cause the total principal amount of all advances outstanding hereunder to exceed the total commitment, or that would cause the aggregate principal amount of all advances outstanding to or requested by such borrower to exceed such borrower's borrower sublimit. in no event shall any borrower be entitled to request or receive any advance that, when aggregated with all other advances outstanding to or requested by such borrower and all other short-term debt of such borrower, would exceed such borrower's sec borrowing limit as then in effect. section 2.02. fees.
⟦s000100⟧ (a) each borrower agrees to pay to the administrative agent for the account of each lender a facility fee (the "facility fee") on the amount of such lender's commitment (whether used or unused) multiplied by such borrower's fraction, at the applicable facility fee rate from the date of this agreement, in the case of each bank, and from the effective date specified in the lender assignment pursuant to which it became a lender, in the case of each other lender, until the termination date. the facility fee payable by each borrower shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each december, march, june and september, commencing the first such date following the closing date, with final payment payable on the termination date.

⟦s000109⟧ (b) unless the administrative agent shall have received notice from a lender prior to the time of any borrowing that such lender will not make available to the administrative agent such lender's ratable portion of such borrowing, the administrative agent may assume that such lender has made such portion available to the administrative agent on the date of such borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this section 3.03, and the administrative agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the borrower that made the request for such borrowing a corresponding amount on such date. if and to the extent that any such lender (a "non-performing lender") shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the administrative agent, the non-performing lender and such borrower severally agree to repay to the administrative agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the administrative agent, at (i) in the case of such borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to advances comprising such borrowing and (ii) in the case of such lender, the federal funds rate. nothing herein shall in any way limit, waive or otherwise reduce any claims that any party hereto may have against any non-performing lender.
⟦s000110⟧ (c) the failure of any lender to make the advance to be made by it as part of any borrowing shall not relieve any other lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its advance on the date of such borrowing, but no lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other lender to make the advance to be made by such other lender on the date of any borrowing. section 3.04. repayment of advances; contract notes.
⟦s000111⟧ (a) each borrower shall repay the principal amount of each advance made to it hereunder on the termination date.
⟦s000112⟧ (b) any lender may request that the contract advances made by it to any borrower be evidenced by a contract note. promptly upon receipt of such request, the relevant borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such lender (or, if requested by such lender, to such lender and its assignees) a contract note. thereafter, the contract advances evidenced by such contract note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to section 10.07) be represented by one or more contract notes payable to the order of the payee named therein. section 3.05. interest.
⟦s000113⟧ (a) interest periods.
⟦s000114⟧ (i) the period commencing on the date of each advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by a borrower with respect to such advance pursuant to the provisions of this section 3.05 is referred to herein as an "interest period". the duration of each interest period shall be (i) in the case of any eurodollar rate advance, one, two or three months and (ii) in the case of any base rate advance, the period of time beginning on the date of the making of, or the conversion of an outstanding advance into, such advance and ending on the last day of march, june, september or december next following the date on which such advance was made; provided, however, that no interest period may be selected by any borrower if such interest period would end after the termination date.
⟦s000115⟧ (ii) subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, the initial interest period for any advance made to any borrower shall be determined by such borrower as set forth in its notice of contract borrowing with respect to such advance. such borrower may elect to continue or convert one or more advances of any type and having the same interest period to one or more advances of the same or any other type and having the same or a different interest period on the following terms and subject to the following conditions: (a) each continuation or conversion shall be made as to all advances comprising a single borrowing upon written notice given by such borrower to the administrative agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (new york city time) on the third business day prior to the date of the proposed continuation or conversion, in the case of a continuation of or conversion to a eurodollar rate advance, or on the day of the proposed continuation of or conversion to a base rate advance. the administrative agent shall notify each lender of the contents of such notice promptly after receipt thereof. each such notice shall specify therein the following information: (1) the date of such proposed continuation or conversion (which in the case of eurodollar rate advances shall be the last day of the interest period then applicable to such advances to be continued or converted), (2) the type of, and interest period applicable to the advances proposed to be continued or converted, (3) the aggregate principal amount of advances proposed to be continued or converted, and (4) the type of advances to which such advances are proposed to be continued or converted and the interest period to be applicable thereto.
⟦s000116⟧ (b) during the continuance of an unmatured default, the right of the borrowers to continue or convert advances to eurodollar rate advances shall be suspended, and all eurodollar rate advances then outstanding shall be converted to base rate advances on the last day of the interest period then in effect, if, on such day, an unmatured default shall be continuing.
⟦s000117⟧ (c) during the continuance of an event of default, the right of the borrowers to continue or convert advances to eurodollar rate advances shall be suspended, and upon the occurrence of an event of default, all eurodollar rate advances then outstanding shall immediately, without further act by the borrowers, be converted to base rate advances.
⟦s000118⟧ (d) if no notice of continuation or conversion is received by the administrative agent as provided in paragraph (a), above, with respect to any outstanding advances on or before the third business day prior to the last day of the interest period then in effect for such advances, the administrative agent shall treat such absence of notice as a deemed notice of continuation or conversion providing for such advances to be continued as or converted to base rate advances with an interest period of three months commencing on the last day of such interest period.
⟦s000119⟧ (b) interest rates. each borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each advance owing by such borrower from the date of such advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the applicable rate for such advance (except as otherwise provided in this subsection (b)), payable as follows: (i) eurodollar rate advances. if such advance is a eurodollar rate advance, interest thereon shall be payable on the last day of the interest period applicable thereto and on the termination date; provided that during the continuance of any event of default, such advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the applicable rate for such advance for such interest period, or, if higher, the applicable margin plus 2.0% per annum above the applicable rate in effect from time to time for base rate advances.
⟦s000120⟧ (ii) base rate advances. if such advance is a base rate advance, interest thereon shall be payable quarterly on the last day of each march, june, september and december, on the date such base rate advance shall be paid in full and on the termination date; provided that during the continuance of any event of default, such advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the applicable rate for such advance for such interest period.
⟦s000121⟧ (c) other amounts. any other amounts payable hereunder that are not paid when due shall (to the fullest extent permitted by law) bear interest, from the date when due until paid in full, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2.0% per annum above the applicable rate in effect from time to time for base rate advances, payable on demand.
⟦s000122⟧ (d) interest rate determinations. the administrative agent shall give prompt notice to the borrowers and the lenders of the applicable rate determined from time to time by the administrative agent for each contract advance for each borrower. each reference bank agrees to furnish to the administrative agent timely information for the purpose of determining the eurodollar rate for any interest period. if any one reference bank shall not furnish such timely information, the administrative agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of the timely information furnished by the other two reference banks. section 3.06. several obligations. each borrower's obligations hereunder are several and not joint. any actions taken by or on behalf of the borrowers shall not result in one borrower being held responsible for the actions, debts or liabilities of the other borrowers. nothing contained herein shall be interpreted as requiring the borrowers to effect borrowings jointly. article iv payments section 4.01. payments and computations.
⟦s000123⟧ (a) each borrower shall make each payment hereunder not later than 12:00 noon (new york city time) on the day when due in u.s. dollars to the administrative agent at its address referred to in section 10.02 hereof, in same day funds. the administrative agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable to the lenders, to the respective lenders to whom the same are payable, for the account of their respective applicable lending offices, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this agreement. upon its acceptance of a lender assignment and recording of the information contained therein in the register pursuant to section 10.07, from and after the effective date specified in such lender assignment, the administrative agent shall make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such lender assignment shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.
⟦s000124⟧ (b) each borrower hereby authorizes the administrative agent and each lender, if and to the extent payment owed to the administrative agent or such lender, as the case may be, is not made when due hereunder, to charge from time to time against any or all of such borrower's accounts with the administrative agent or such lender, as the case may be, any amount so due.
⟦s000125⟧ (c) all computations of interest based on the base rate (except when determined on the basis of the federal funds rate) shall be made by the administrative agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. all computations of interest and other amounts payable pursuant to section 4.03 shall be made by the lender claiming such interest or other amount on the basis of a year of 360 days. all other computations of interest, including computations of interest based on the eurodollar rate, the base rate (when and if determined on the basis of the federal funds rate), and all computations of fees and other amounts payable hereunder, shall be made by the administrative agent on the basis of a year of 360 days. in each such case, such computation shall be made for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or other amounts are payable. each such determination by the administrative agent or a lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
⟦s000126⟧ (d) whenever any payment under any loan document shall be stated to be due, or the last day of an interest period hereunder shall be stated to occur, on a day other than a business day, such payment shall be made, and the last day of such interest period shall occur, on the next succeeding business day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest and fees hereunder; provided, however, that if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of eurodollar rate advances to be made, or the last day of an interest period for a eurodollar rate advance to occur, in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding business day and such reduction of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest hereunder.
⟦s000127⟧ (e) unless the administrative agent shall have received notice from a borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the lenders hereunder that such borrower will not make such payment in full, the administrative agent may assume that such borrower has made such payment in full to the administrative agent on such date and the administrative agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such lender. if and to the extent such borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the administrative agent, such lender shall repay to the administrative agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such lender, together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such lender until the date such lender repays such amount to the administrative agent, at the federal funds rate. section 4.02. prepayments.
⟦s000128⟧ (a) no borrower shall have any right to prepay any contract advances except in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), below.
⟦s000129⟧ (b) any borrower may, (i) in the case of eurodollar rate advances, upon at least three business day's written notice to the administrative agent (such notice being irrevocable) and (ii) in the case of base rate advances, upon notice not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of the proposed prepayment to the administrative agent (such notice being irrevocable), stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given, such borrower shall, prepay contract advances comprising part of the same borrowing, in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid and any amounts owing in connection therewith pursuant to section 4.03(d); provided, however, that each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.
⟦s000130⟧ (c) if at any time, the aggregate principal amount of advances outstanding shall exceed the total commitment, the borrowers shall forthwith prepay advances in a principal amount equal to such excess. if at any time, the aggregate principal amount of advances outstanding to any borrower shall exceed the borrower sublimit of such borrower, such borrower shall forthwith prepay advances in a principal amount equal to such excess. all prepayments pursuant to this subsection (c) shall be effected from outstanding contract advances comprising part of the same borrowing or borrowings and shall be accompanied by payment of accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid and any amounts owing in connection therewith pursuant to section 4.03(d). section 4.03. yield protection.
⟦s000131⟧ (a) change in circumstances. notwithstanding any other provision herein, if after the date hereof, the adoption of or any change in applicable law or regulation or in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (whether or not having the force of law) shall (i) change the basis of taxation of payments to any lender of the principal of or interest on any eurodollar rate advance made by such lender or any fees or other amounts payable under the loan documents (other than changes in respect of taxes imposed on the overall net income of such lender or its applicable lending office by the jurisdiction in which such lender has its principal office or in which such applicable lending office is located or by any political subdivision or taxing authority therein), or (ii) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against commitments or assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such lender, or (iii) shall impose on such lender or the london interbank market any other condition affecting this agreement or eurodollar rate advances made by such lender, and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such lender, of agreeing to make, making or maintaining any advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such lender under any loan document (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the borrowers will pay to such lender upon demand such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
⟦s000132⟧ (b) capital. if any lender shall have determined that any change after the date hereof in any law, rule, regulation or guideline adopted pursuant to or arising out of the july 1988 report of the basle committee on banking regulations and supervisory practices entitled "international convergence of capital measurement and capital standards", or the adoption after the date hereof of any law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any of the foregoing or in the interpretation or administration of any of the foregoing by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any lender (or any applicable lending office of such lender) or any lender's holding company with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect (i) of reducing the rate of return on such lender's capital or on the capital of such lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this agreement, the commitment of such lender hereunder or the advances made by such lender pursuant hereto to a level below that which such lender or such lender's holding company could have achieved, but for such applicability, adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such lender's policies and the policies of such lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), or (ii) of increasing or otherwise determining the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such lender or such lender's holding company based upon the existence of this agreement, the commitment of such lender hereunder, the advances made by such lender pursuant hereto and other similar such commitments, agreements or assets, then from time to time the borrowers shall pay to such lender upon demand such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such lender or such lender's holding company for any such reduction or allocable capital cost suffered.
⟦s000133⟧ (c) eurodollar reserves. each borrower shall pay to each lender upon demand, so long as such lender shall be required under regulations of the board of governors of the federal reserve system to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency liabilities, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each eurodollar rate advance of such lender to such borrower, from the date of such advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the eurodollar rate for the interest period for such advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such eurodollar rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the eurodollar reserve percentage of such lender for such interest period. such additional interest shall be determined by such lender and notified to the relevant borrower and the administrative agent.
⟦s000134⟧ (d) breakage indemnity. each borrower shall indemnify each lender against any loss, cost or reasonable expense which such lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) any failure by such borrower to fulfill on the date of any borrowing or conversion of advances hereunder the applicable conditions precedent set forth in articles iii and v, (ii) any failure by such borrower to borrow any, or convert any outstanding advance into a, eurodollar rate advance hereunder after a notice of contract borrowing has been delivered pursuant to section 3.01 hereof or after delivery of a notice of conversion pursuant to section 3.05(a)(ii) hereof, (iii) any payment, prepayment or conversion of a eurodollar rate advance made to such borrower required or permitted by any other provision of this agreement or otherwise made or deemed made on a date other than the last day of the interest period applicable thereto, (iv) any default in payment or prepayment of the principal amount of any eurodollar rate advance made to such borrower or any part thereof or interest accrued thereon, as and when due and payable (at the due date thereof, by irrevocable notice of prepayment or otherwise) or (v) the occurrence of any event of default with respect to such borrower, including, in each such case, any loss or reasonable expense sustained or incurred or to be sustained or incurred in liquidating or employing deposits from third parties acquired to effect or maintain such advance or any part thereof as a eurodollar rate advance. such loss, cost or reasonable expense shall include an amount equal to the excess, if any, as reasonably determined by such lender, of (a) its cost of obtaining the funds for the eurodollar rate advance being paid, prepaid, converted or not borrowed for the period from the date of such payment, prepayment, conversion or failure to borrow to the last day of the interest period for such advance (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, the interest period for such advance which would have commenced on the date of such failure) over (b) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such lender) that would be realized by such lender in reemploying the funds so paid, prepaid, converted or not borrowed for such period or interest period, as the case may be. for purposes of this subsection (d), it shall be presumed that in the case of any eurodollar rate advance, each lender shall have funded each such advance with a fixed-rate instrument bearing the rates and maturities designated in the determination of the applicable rate for such advance.
⟦s000135⟧ (e) notices. a certificate of each lender setting forth such lender's claim for compensation hereunder and the amount necessary to compensate such lender or its holding company pursuant to subsections (a) through (d) of this section 4.03 shall be submitted to the borrowers and the administrative agent and shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. the borrowers or appropriate borrower shall pay each lender directly the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after its receipt of the same. the failure of any lender to provide such notice or to make demand for payment under this section 4.03 shall not constitute a waiver of such lender's rights hereunder; provided that such lender shall not be entitled to demand payment pursuant to subsections (a) through (d) of this section 4.03 in respect of any loss, cost, expense, reduction or reserve, if such demand is made more than one year following the later of such lender's incurrence or sufferance thereof or such lender's actual knowledge of the event giving rise to such lender's rights pursuant to such subsections. each lender shall use reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and validity of any claim made by it hereunder, but the foregoing shall not obligate any lender to assert any possible invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, guideline or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed.
⟦s000136⟧ (f) change in legality. notwithstanding any other provision herein, if the adoption of or any change in any law or regulation or in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority charged with the administration or interpretation thereof shall make it unlawful for any lender to make or maintain any eurodollar rate advance or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any eurodollar rate advance, then, by written notice to the borrowers and the administrative agent, such lender may: (i) declare that eurodollar rate advances will not thereafter be made by such lender hereunder, whereupon the right of any borrower to select eurodollar rate advances for any borrowing or conversion shall be forthwith suspended until such lender shall withdraw such notice as provided hereinbelow or shall cease to be a lender hereunder pursuant to section 10.07(g) hereof; and (ii) require that all outstanding eurodollar rate advances be converted to base rate advances, in which event all eurodollar rate advances shall be automatically converted to base rate advances as of the effective date of such notice as provided herein below. upon receipt of any such notice, the administrative agent shall promptly notify the other lenders. promptly upon becoming aware that the circumstances that caused such lender to deliver such notice no longer exist, such lender shall deliver notice thereof to the borrowers and the administrative agent withdrawing such prior notice (but the failure to do so shall impose no liability upon such lender). promptly upon receipt of such withdrawing notice from such lender (or upon such lender assigning all of its commitments, advances, participation and other rights and obligations under the loan documents in accordance with section 10.07(g)), the administrative agent shall deliver notice thereof to the borrowers and the lenders and such suspension shall terminate. prior to any lender giving notice to the borrowers under this subsection (f), such lender shall use reasonable efforts to change the jurisdiction of its applicable lending office, if such change would avoid such unlawfulness and would not, in the sole determination of such lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such lender. any notice to the borrowers by any lender shall be effective as to each eurodollar rate advance on the last day of the interest period currently applicable to such eurodollar rate advance; provided that if such notice shall state that the maintenance of such advance until such last day would be unlawful, such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt by the borrowers and the administrative agent.
⟦s000137⟧ (g) market rate disruptions. if (i) fewer than two reference banks furnish timely information to the administrative agent for determining the eurodollar rate for eurodollar rate advances in connection with any proposed borrowing or (ii) if the majority lenders shall notify the administrative agent that the eurodollar rate will not adequately reflect the cost to such majority lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective eurodollar rate advances, the right of the borrowers to select or receive eurodollar rate advances for any borrowing shall be forthwith suspended until the administrative agent shall notify the borrowers and the lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist, and until such notification from the administrative agent, each requested borrowing of eurodollar rate advances hereunder shall be deemed to be a request for base rate advances.
⟦s000138⟧ (h) rights of participants. any participant in a lender's interests hereunder may assert any claim for yield protection under section 4.03 that it could have asserted if it were a lender hereunder. if such a claim is asserted by any such participant, it shall be entitled to receive such compensation from the borrowers as a lender would receive in like circumstances; provided, however, that with respect to any such claim, the borrowers shall have no greater liability to the lender and its participant, in the aggregate, than it would have had to the lender alone had no such participation interest been created.
⟦s000139⟧ (i) liabilities of borrowers. each borrower shall be liable for its pro rata share of each payment to be made by the borrowers under subsections (a) and (b) of this section 4.03, such pro rata share to be determined on the basis of such borrower's fraction; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any such liabilities are reasonably determined by the borrowers (subject to the approval of the administrative agent which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) to be directly attributable to advances made to a specific borrower, only such borrower shall be liable for such payments. section 4.04. sharing of payments, etc. if any lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of banker's lien, set-off or counterclaim, or otherwise, but excluding any proceeds received by assignments or sales of participation in accordance with section 10.07 hereof to a person that is not an affiliate of the borrowers) on account of the advances owing to it (other than pursuant to section 4.03 hereof) in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of the advances obtained by all the lenders, such lender shall forthwith purchase from the other lenders such participation in the advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing lender, such purchase from each lender shall be rescinded and such lender shall repay to the purchasing lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. the borrowers agree that any lender so purchasing a participation from another lender pursuant to this section 4.04 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such lender were the direct creditor of any such borrower in the amount of such participation. notwithstanding the foregoing, if any lender shall obtain any such excess payment involuntarily, such lender may, in lieu of purchasing participation from the other lenders in accordance with this section 4.04, on the date of receipt of such excess payment, return such excess payment to the administrative agent for distribution in accordance with section 4.01(a). section 4.05. taxes.

⟦s000201⟧ (f) any lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this agreement to secure obligations of such lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a federal reserve bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such lender as a party hereto.
⟦s000202⟧ (g) if any lender shall have delivered a notice to the administrative agent described in section 4.03(a), (b), (c) or (f) hereof, or shall become a non-performing lender under section 3.03(b) hereof, and if and so long as such lender shall not have withdrawn such notice or corrected such non-performance in accordance with section 3.03(b), the borrowers may demand that such lender assign, in accordance with section 10.07 hereof, to one or more assignees designated by either the borrowers or the administrative agent (and reasonably acceptable to the other), all (but not less than all) of such lender's commitment, advances, participation and other rights and obligations under the loan documents; provided that any such demand by the borrowers during the continuance of an event of default or an unmatured default shall be ineffective without the consent of the majority lenders. if, within 30 days following any such demand by the borrowers, any such assignee so designated shall fail to tender such assignment on terms reasonably satisfactory to the borrowers and the borrowers and the administrative agent shall have failed to designate any such assignee, then such demand by the borrowers shall become ineffective, it being understood for purposes of this provision that such assignment shall be conclusively deemed to be on terms reasonably satisfactory to such lender, and such lender shall be compelled to tender such assignment forthwith, if (i) such assignee (a) shall agree to such assignment in substantially the form of the lender assignment and (b) shall tender payment to such lender in an amount equal to the full outstanding dollar amount accrued in favor of such lender hereunder (as computed in accordance with the records of the administrative agent) and (ii) in the event the borrowers demanded such assignment, the borrowers shall tender payment to the administrative agent of the processing and recording fee specified in section 10.07(b) for such assignment. section 10.08. confidentiality. in connection with the negotiation and administration of the loan documents, the borrowers have furnished or caused to have furnished and will from time to time furnish or cause to be furnished to the administrative agent and the lenders (each, a "recipient") written information which when delivered to the recipient will be deemed to be confidential (such information, other than any such information which (i) was publicly available, or otherwise known to the recipient, at the time of disclosure, (ii) subsequently becomes publicly available other than through any act or omission by the recipient or (iii) otherwise subsequently becomes known to the recipient other than through a person whom the recipient knows to be acting in violation of his or its obligations to the borrowers, being hereinafter referred to as "confidential information"). the recipient will not knowingly disclose any such confidential information to any third party (other than to those persons who have a confidential relationship with the recipient), and will take all reasonable steps to restrict access to such information in a manner designed to maintain the confidential nature of such information, in each case until such time as the same ceases to be confidential information or as the borrowers may otherwise instruct. it is understood, however, that the foregoing will not restrict the recipient's ability to freely exchange such confidential information with prospective participants in or assignees of the recipient's position herein, but the recipient's ability to so exchange confidential information shall be conditioned upon any such prospective participant's entering into an understanding as to confidentiality similar to this provision. it is further understood that the foregoing will not prohibit the disclosure of any or all confidential information if and to the extent that such disclosure may be required (i) by a regulatory agency or otherwise in connection with an examination of the recipient's records by appropriate authorities, (ii) pursuant to court order, subpoena or other legal process or (iii) otherwise, as required by law; in the event of any required disclosure under clause (ii) or (iii), above, the recipient agrees to use reasonable efforts to inform the borrowers as promptly as practicable unless the lender is prohibited from doing so by court order, subpoena or other legal process. notwithstanding the foregoing, each party hereto (and each officer, director, employee, representative, agent and advisor of each party hereto) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the "tax treatment" and "tax structure" (in each case within the meaning of treasury regulation section 1.6011-4) of the transactions contemplated by the loan documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such person relating to such "tax treatment" and "tax structure". the foregoing is intended to comply with the presumption set forth in treasury regulation section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(iii) and should be interpreted in a manner consistent with such regulation. section 10.09. waiver of jury trial. each of the borrowers, the administrative agent and the lenders hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to the loan documents, or any other instrument or document delivered hereunder or thereunder. section 10.10. governing law. the loan documents shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of new york. each of the borrowers, the lenders and the administrative agent: (i) irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any new york state court or federal court sitting in new york city in any action arising out of or relating to the loan documents, (ii) agrees that all claims in such action may be decided in such court, (iii) waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum and (iv) consents to the service of process by mail. a final judgment in any such action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions. nothing herein shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any manner permitted by law or affect its right to bring any action in any other court. section 10.11. relation of the parties; no beneficiary. no term, provision or requirement, whether express or implied, of any loan document, or actions taken or to be taken by any party thereunder, shall be construed to create a partnership, association, or joint venture between such parties or any of them. no term or provision of any loan document shall be construed to confer a benefit upon, or grant a right or privilege to, any person other than the parties hereto. section 10.12. execution in counterparts this agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
⟦s000203⟧ [signature pages to follow] in witness whereof, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. the connecticut light and power company by: /s/ randy a. shoop name: randy a. shoop assistant treasurer - finance western massachusetts electric company by: /s/ randy a. shoop name: randy a. shoop assistant treasurer - finance yankee gas services company by: /s/ randy a. shoop name: randy a. shoop assistant treasurer - finance public service company of new hampshire by: /s/ randy a. shoop name: randy a. shoop assistant treasurer - finance commitment: $30,000,000.00 citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as a lender by: /s/ anita j. brickell name: anita j. brickell title: vice president commitment: $21,230,769.23 the bank of new york, as a lender by: /s/ charlotte sohn fuiks name: charlotte sohn fuiks title: vice president commitment: $30,000,000.00 bank one, na, as a lender by: /s/ jane bek keil name: jane bek keil title: director commitment: $30,000,000.00 barclays bank, plc, as a lender by: /s/ sydney g. dennis name: sydney g. dennis title: director commitment: $30,000,000.00 citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and as a lender by: /s/ anita j. brickell name: anita j. brickell title: vice president commitment: $21,230,769.23 citizens bank of massachusetts, as a lender by: /s/ michael ouellet name: michael ouellet title: vice president commitment: $15,692,307.69 cobank, acb, as a lender by: /s/ cathleen d. reed name: cathleen d. reed title: assistant vice president commitment: $25,384,615.39 fleet national bank, as a lender by: /s/ walter j. marullo name: walter j. marullo title: managing director commitment: $21,230,769.23 jpmorgan chase bank, as a lender by: /s/ robert m. bowen, ii name: robert m. bowen, ii title: managing director commitment: $21,230,769.23 keybank national associates, as a lender by: /s/ sherrie i. manson name: sherrie i. manson title: vice president commitment: $11,538,461.54 mellon bank, n.a., as a lender by: /s/ roger n. stanier name: roger n. stanier title: vice president commitment:$21,230,769.23 toronto dominion (texas), inc., as a lender by: /s/ jano nixon name: jano nixon title: vice president commitment: $30,000,000.00 union bank of california, n.a., as a lender by: /s/ kevin m. zitar name: kevin m. zitar title: vice president commitment: $21,230,769.23 wachovia bank, national association, as a lender by: /s/ d. mitch wilson name: d. mitch wilson title: vice president total of $300,000,000.00 commitments:
