Table 1 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Table 1 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
December 28, 2023 
 
 Medium-Term Senior Notes, Series N 
 
 Pricing Supplement No. 2023- USNCH19963 
 
 Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) 
 
 Registration Statement Nos. 333-270327 and 333-270327-01
Callable Contingent Coupon Equity Linked Securities Linked to NVIDIA Corporation Due July 3, 2025
Table 2 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 2 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities offered by this pricing supplement are unsecured debt securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. The securities offer the potential for periodic contingent coupon payments at an annualized rate that, if all are paid, would produce a yield that is generally higher than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity. In exchange for this higher potential yield, you must be willing to accept the risks that (i) your actual yield may be lower than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity because you may not receive one or more, or any, contingent coupon payments, and (ii) the value of what you receive at maturity may be significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities, and may be zero. Each of these risks will depend on the performance of the underlying specified below.
The securities offered by this pricing supplement are unsecured debt securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. The securities offer the potential for periodic contingent coupon payments at an annualized rate that, if all are paid, would produce a yield that is generally higher than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity. In exchange for this higher potential yield, you must be willing to accept the risks that (i) your actual yield may be lower than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity because you may not receive one or more, or any, contingent coupon payments, and (ii) the value of what you receive at maturity may be significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities, and may be zero. Each of these risks will depend on the performance of the underlying specified below.
Table 3 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 3 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: We have the right to call the securities for mandatory redemption on any potential redemption date specified below. Although you will have downside exposure to the underlying, you will not receive dividends with respect to the underlying or participate in any appreciation of the underlying.
We have the right to call the securities for mandatory redemption on any potential redemption date specified below. Although you will have downside exposure to the underlying, you will not receive dividends with respect to the underlying or participate in any appreciation of the underlying.
Table 4 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 4 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: Investors in the securities must be willing to accept (i) an investment that may have limited or no liquidity and (ii) the risk of not receiving any payments due under the securities if we and Citigroup Inc. default on our obligations.  All payments on the securities are subject to the credit risk of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc.
Investors in the securities must be willing to accept (i) an investment that may have limited or no liquidity and (ii) the risk of not receiving any payments due under the securities if we and Citigroup Inc. default on our obligations.  All payments on the securities are subject to the credit risk of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc.
Table 5 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: KEY TERMS | Column Header: KEY TERMS
KEY TERMS
Table 5 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Issuer: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Issuer:
Table 5 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Issuer:
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc.
Table 5 Row 3 Col 1 | Row Header: Guarantee: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Guarantee:
Table 5 Row 3 Col 2 | Row Header: Guarantee:
All payments due on the securities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.
Table 5 Row 4 Col 1 | Row Header: Underlying: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Underlying:
Table 5 Row 4 Col 2 | Row Header: Underlying:
NVIDIA Corporation
Table 5 Row 5 Col 1 | Row Header: Stated principal amount: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Stated principal amount:
Table 5 Row 5 Col 2 | Row Header: Stated principal amount:
$1,000 per security
Table 5 Row 6 Col 1 | Row Header: Pricing date: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Pricing date:
Table 5 Row 6 Col 2 | Row Header: Pricing date:
December 28, 2023
Table 5 Row 7 Col 1 | Row Header: Issue date: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Issue date:
Table 5 Row 7 Col 2 | Row Header: Issue date:
January 3, 2024
Table 5 Row 8 Col 1 | Row Header: Valuation dates: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Valuation dates:
Table 5 Row 8 Col 2 | Row Header: Valuation dates:
January 29, 2024, February 28, 2024, March 28, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 28, 2024, June 28, 2024, July 29, 2024, August 28, 2024, September 30, 2024, October 28, 2024, November 29, 2024, December 30, 2024, January 28, 2025, February 28, 2025, March 28, 2025, April 28, 2025, May 28, 2025 and June 30, 2025 (the “final valuation date”), each subject to postponement if such date is not a scheduled trading day or certain market disruption events occur
Table 5 Row 9 Col 1 | Row Header: Maturity date: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Maturity date:
Table 5 Row 9 Col 2 | Row Header: Maturity date:
Unless earlier redeemed, July 3, 2025
Table 5 Row 10 Col 1 | Row Header: Contingent coupon payment dates: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Contingent coupon payment dates:
Table 5 Row 10 Col 2 | Row Header: Contingent coupon payment dates:
The third business day after each valuation date, except that the contingent coupon payment date following the final valuation date will be the maturity date
Table 5 Row 11 Col 1 | Row Header: Contingent coupon: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Contingent coupon:
Table 5 Row 11 Col 2 | Row Header: Contingent coupon:
On each contingent coupon payment date, unless previously redeemed, the securities will pay a contingent coupon equal to 1.00% of the stated principal amount of the securities (equivalent to a contingent coupon rate of 12.00% per annum) if and only if the closing value of the underlying on the immediately preceding valuation date is greater than or equal to the coupon barrier value. If the closing value of the underlying on any valuation date is less than the coupon barrier value, you will not receive any contingent coupon payment on the immediately following contingent coupon payment date.
Table 5 Row 12 Col 1 | Row Header: Payment at maturity: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Payment at maturity:
Table 5 Row 12 Col 2 | Row Header: Payment at maturity:
If the securities are not redeemed prior to maturity, you will receive at maturity for each security you then hold (in addition to the final contingent coupon payment, if applicable): 
 
 
 ■    
 
 
 If the final underlying value is greater than or equal to the final barrier value:  
 
 
 
 $1,000 
 
 
 ■    
 
 
 If the final underlying value is less than  the final barrier value: 
 
 
 
 $1,000 + ($1,000 × the underlying return) 
 
 If the securities are not redeemed prior to  maturity and the final underlying value is less than the final barrier value, you will receive significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities, and possibly nothing, at maturity, and you will not receive any contingent coupon payment at maturity.
Table 5 Row 13 Col 1 | Row Header: Initial underlying value: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Initial underlying value:
Table 5 Row 13 Col 2 | Row Header: Initial underlying value:
$495.22, the closing value of the underlying on the pricing date
Table 5 Row 14 Col 1 | Row Header: Final underlying value: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Final underlying value:
Table 5 Row 14 Col 2 | Row Header: Final underlying value:
The closing value of the underlying on the final valuation date
Table 5 Row 15 Col 1 | Row Header: Coupon barrier value: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Coupon barrier value:
Table 5 Row 15 Col 2 | Row Header: Coupon barrier value:
$247.61, 50.00% of the initial underlying value
Table 5 Row 16 Col 1 | Row Header: Final barrier value: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Final barrier value:
Table 5 Row 16 Col 2 | Row Header: Final barrier value:
$247.61, 50.00% of the initial underlying value
Table 5 Row 17 Col 1 | Row Header: Listing: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Listing:
Table 5 Row 17 Col 2 | Row Header: Listing:
The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange
Table 5 Row 18 Col 1 | Row Header: Underwriter: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Underwriter:
Table 5 Row 18 Col 2 | Row Header: Underwriter:
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (“ CGMI ”), an affiliate of the issuer, acting as principal
Table 5 Row 19 Col 1 | Row Header: Underwriting fee and issue price: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Underwriting fee and issue price:
Table 5 Row 19 Col 2 | Row Header: Underwriting fee and issue price:
Issue price (1)
Table 5 Row 19 Col 3 | Row Header: Underwriting fee and issue price:
Underwriting fee (2)
Table 5 Row 19 Col 4 | Row Header: Underwriting fee and issue price:
Proceeds to issuer (3)
Table 5 Row 20 Col 1 | Row Header: Per security: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Per security:
Table 5 Row 20 Col 2 | Row Header: Per security:
$1,000.00
Table 5 Row 20 Col 3 | Row Header: Per security:
$7.00
Table 5 Row 20 Col 4 | Row Header: Per security:
$993.00
Table 5 Row 21 Col 1 | Row Header: Total: | Column Header: KEY TERMS
Total:
Table 5 Row 21 Col 2 | Row Header: Total:
$474,000.00
Table 5 Row 21 Col 3 | Row Header: Total:
$3,204.24
Table 5 Row 21 Col 4 | Row Header: Total:
$470,795.76
(Key Terms continued on next page)
(1) On the date of this pricing supplement, the estimated value of the securities is $984.50 per security, which is less than the issue price. The estimated value of the securities is based on CGMI’s proprietary pricing models and our internal funding rate. It is not an indication of actual profit to CGMI or other of our affiliates, nor is it an indication of the price, if any, at which CGMI or any other person may be willing to buy the securities from you at any time after issuance. See “Valuation of the Securities” in this pricing supplement.
(2) CGMI will receive an underwriting fee of up to $7.00 for each security sold in this offering. The total underwriting fee and proceeds to issuer in the table above give effect to the actual total underwriting fee. For more information on the distribution of the securities, see “Supplemental Plan of Distribution” in this pricing supplement. In addition to the underwriting fee, CGMI and its affiliates may profit from hedging activity related to this offering, even if the value of the securities declines. See “Use of Proceeds and Hedging” in the accompanying prospectus.
(3) The per security proceeds to issuer indicated above represent the minimum per security proceeds to issuer for any security, assuming the maximum per security underwriting fee. As noted above, the underwriting fee is variable.
Investing in the securities involves risks not associated with an investment in conventional debt securities. See “Summary Risk Factors” beginning on page PS-6.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities or determined that this pricing supplement and the accompanying product supplement, prospectus supplement and prospectus are truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
You should read this pricing supplement together with the accompanying product supplement, prospectus supplement and prospectus, which can be accessed via the hyperlinks below:
Product Supplement No. EA-04-10 dated March 7, 2023          
 Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus each dated March 7, 2023
The securities are not bank deposits and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank.
Table 6 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Table 7 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: KEY TERMS (continued) | Column Header: KEY TERMS (continued)
KEY TERMS (continued)
Table 7 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Redemption: | Column Header: KEY TERMS (continued)
Redemption:
Table 7 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Redemption:
We may call the securities, in whole and not in part, for mandatory redemption on any potential redemption date upon not less than three business days’ notice. Following an exercise of our call right, you will receive for each security you then hold an amount in cash equal to $1,000 plus the related contingent coupon payment, if any.
Table 7 Row 3 Col 1 | Row Header: Potential redemption dates: | Column Header: KEY TERMS (continued)
Potential redemption dates:
Table 7 Row 3 Col 2 | Row Header: Potential redemption dates:
The contingent coupon payment dates related to the valuation dates scheduled to occur on March 28, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 28, 2024, June 28, 2024, July 29, 2024, August 28, 2024, September 30, 2024, October 28, 2024, November 29, 2024, December 30, 2024, January 28, 2025, February 28, 2025, March 28, 2025, April 28, 2025 and May 28, 2025
Table 7 Row 4 Col 1 | Row Header: Underlying return: | Column Header: KEY TERMS (continued)
Underlying return:
Table 7 Row 4 Col 2 | Row Header: Underlying return:
(i) The final underlying value minus the initial underlying value, divided by  (ii) the initial underlying value
Table 7 Row 5 Col 1 | Row Header: CUSIP / ISIN: | Column Header: KEY TERMS (continued)
CUSIP / ISIN:
Table 7 Row 5 Col 2 | Row Header: CUSIP / ISIN:
17291TNA2 / US17291TNA24
Table 8 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-2
PS-2
Table 9 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Additional Information
General.  The terms of the securities are set forth in the accompanying product supplement, prospectus supplement and prospectus, as supplemented by this pricing supplement. The accompanying product supplement, prospectus supplement and prospectus contain important disclosures that are not repeated in this pricing supplement. For example, the accompanying product supplement contains important information about how the closing value of the underlying will be determined and about adjustments that may be made to the terms of the securities upon the occurrence of market disruption events and other specified events with respect to the underlying. It is important that you read the accompanying product supplement, prospectus supplement and prospectus together with this pricing supplement in connection with your investment in the securities. Certain terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement are defined in the accompanying product supplement.
Closing Value.  The “closing value” of the underlying on any date is the closing price of its underlying shares on such date, as provided in the accompanying product supplement. The “underlying shares” of the underlying are its shares of common stock. Please see the accompanying product supplement for more information.
Table 10 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-3
PS-3
Table 11 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Hypothetical Examples
The examples in the first section below illustrate how to determine whether a contingent coupon will be paid following a valuation date. The examples in the second section below illustrate how to determine the payment at maturity on the securities, assuming the securities are not redeemed prior to maturity. The examples are solely for illustrative purposes, do not show all possible outcomes and are not a prediction of any payment that may be made on the securities.
The examples below are based on the following hypothetical values and do not reflect the actual initial underlying value, coupon barrier value or final barrier value. For the actual initial underlying value, coupon barrier value and final barrier value, see the cover page of this pricing supplement. We have used these hypothetical values, rather than the actual values, to simplify the calculations and aid understanding of how the securities work. However, you should understand that the actual payments on the securities will be calculated based on the actual initial underlying value, coupon barrier value and final barrier value, and not the hypothetical values indicated below. For ease of analysis, figures below have been rounded.
Table 12 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Hypothetical initial underlying value: | Column Header: Hypothetical initial underlying value:
Hypothetical initial underlying value:
Table 12 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: Hypothetical initial underlying value: | Column Header: $100.00
$100.00
Table 12 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Hypothetical coupon barrier value: | Column Header: Hypothetical initial underlying value:
Hypothetical coupon barrier value:
Table 12 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Hypothetical coupon barrier value: | Column Header: $100.00
$50.00 (50.00% of the hypothetical initial underlying value)
Table 12 Row 3 Col 1 | Row Header: Hypothetical final barrier value: | Column Header: Hypothetical initial underlying value:
Hypothetical final barrier value:
Table 12 Row 3 Col 2 | Row Header: Hypothetical final barrier value: | Column Header: $100.00
$50.00 (50.00% of the hypothetical initial underlying value)
Hypothetical Examples of  Contingent Coupon Payments Following a Valuation Date
The three hypothetical examples below illustrate how to determine whether a contingent coupon will be paid following a hypothetical valuation date, assuming that the closing value of the underlying on the hypothetical valuation date is as indicated below.
Table 13 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: Hypothetical closing value of the underlying on hypothetical valuation date
Hypothetical closing value of the underlying on hypothetical valuation date
Table 13 Row 1 Col 3 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment per $1,000.00 security on related contingent coupon payment date
Hypothetical payment per $1,000.00 security on related contingent coupon payment date
Table 13 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 1
Example 1
Table 13 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 1 | Column Header: Hypothetical closing value of the underlying on hypothetical valuation date
$85
 (greater than coupon barrier value)
Table 13 Row 2 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 1 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment per $1,000.00 security on related contingent coupon payment date
$10.00 
 (contingent coupon is paid)
Table 13 Row 3 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 2
Example 2
Table 13 Row 3 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 2 | Column Header: Hypothetical closing value of the underlying on hypothetical valuation date
$45
 (less than coupon barrier value)
Table 13 Row 3 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 2 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment per $1,000.00 security on related contingent coupon payment date
$0.00 
 (no contingent coupon)
Table 13 Row 4 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 3
Example 3
Table 13 Row 4 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 3 | Column Header: Hypothetical closing value of the underlying on hypothetical valuation date
$10
 (less than coupon barrier value)
Table 13 Row 4 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 3 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment per $1,000.00 security on related contingent coupon payment date
$0.00 
 (no contingent coupon)
Example 1:  On the hypothetical valuation date, the closing value of the underlying is greater than the coupon barrier value. As a result, investors in the securities would receive the contingent coupon payment on the related contingent coupon payment date.
Example 2:  On the hypothetical valuation date, the closing value of the underlying is less than the coupon barrier value. As a result, investors would not receive any payment on the related contingent coupon payment date.
Investors in the securities will not receive a contingent coupon on the contingent coupon payment date following a valuation date if the closing value of the underlying on that valuation date is less than the coupon barrier value.
Example 3:  On the hypothetical valuation date, the closing value of the underlying is less than the coupon barrier value. As a result, investors would not receive any payment on the related contingent coupon payment date.
Table 14 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-4
PS-4
Table 15 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Hypothetical Examples of the Payment at Maturity on the Securities
The next three hypothetical examples illustrate the calculation of the payment at maturity on the securities, assuming that the securities have not been earlier redeemed and that the final underlying value is as indicated below.
Table 16 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: Hypothetical final underlying value
Hypothetical final underlying value
Table 16 Row 1 Col 3 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment at maturity per $1,000.00 security
Hypothetical payment at maturity per $1,000.00 security
Table 16 Row 2 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 4
Example 4
Table 16 Row 2 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 4 | Column Header: Hypothetical final underlying value
$110
 (greater than final barrier value)
Table 16 Row 2 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 4 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment at maturity per $1,000.00 security
$1,010.00 
 (contingent coupon is paid)
Table 16 Row 3 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 5
Example 5
Table 16 Row 3 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 5 | Column Header: Hypothetical final underlying value
$30
 (less than final barrier value)
Table 16 Row 3 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 5 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment at maturity per $1,000.00 security
$300.00
Table 16 Row 4 Col 1 | Row Header: Example 6
Example 6
Table 16 Row 4 Col 2 | Row Header: Example 6 | Column Header: Hypothetical final underlying value
$0
 (less than final barrier value)
Table 16 Row 4 Col 3 | Row Header: Example 6 | Column Header: Hypothetical payment at maturity per $1,000.00 security
$0.00
Example 4: The final underlying value is greater than the final barrier value. Accordingly, at maturity, you would receive the stated principal amount of the securities plus  the contingent coupon payment due at maturity, but you would not participate in the appreciation of the underlying.
Example 5:  The final underlying value is less than the final barrier value. Accordingly, at maturity, you would receive a payment per security calculated as follows:
Payment at maturity = $1,000.00 + ($1,000.00 × the underlying return)
= $1,000.00 + ($1,000.00 × -70.00%)
= $1,000.00 + -$700.00
= $300.00
In this scenario, because the final underlying value is less than the final barrier value, you would lose a significant portion of your investment in the securities. In addition, because the final underlying value is below the coupon barrier value, you would not receive any contingent coupon payment at maturity.
Example 6:  The final underlying value is $0.00. Accordingly, at maturity, you would receive a payment per security calculated as follows:
Payment at maturity = $1,000.00 + ($1,000.00 × the underlying return)
= $1,000.00 + ($1,000.00 × -100.00%)
= $1,000.00 + -$1,000.00
= $0.00
In this scenario, you would lose your entire investment in the securities at maturity.
It is possible that the closing value of the underlying will be less than the coupon barrier value on each valuation date and less than the final barrier value on the final valuation date, such that you will not receive any contingent coupon payments over the term of the securities and will receive significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities, and possibly nothing, at maturity.
Table 17 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-5
PS-5
Table 18 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Summary Risk Factors
An investment in the securities is significantly riskier than an investment in conventional debt securities. The securities are subject to all of the risks associated with an investment in our conventional debt securities (guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.), including the risk that we and Citigroup Inc. may default on our obligations under the securities, and are also subject to risks associated with the underlying. Accordingly, the securities are suitable only for investors who are capable of understanding the complexities and risks of the securities. You should consult your own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks of an investment in the securities and the suitability of the securities in light of your particular circumstances.
The following is a summary of certain key risk factors for investors in the securities. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks relating to an investment in the securities contained in the section “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities” beginning on page EA-7 in the accompanying product supplement. You should also carefully read the risk factors included in the accompanying prospectus supplement and in the documents incorporated by reference in the accompanying prospectus, including Citigroup Inc.’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which describe risks relating to the business of Citigroup Inc. more generally.
Table 19 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 19 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: You may lose a significant portion or all of your investment. Unlike conventional debt securities, the securities do not provide for the repayment of the stated principal amount at maturity in all circumstances. If the securities are not redeemed prior to maturity, your payment at maturity will depend on the final underlying value. If the final underlying value is less than the final barrier value, you will lose 1% of the stated principal amount of your securities for every 1% by which the underlying has declined from the initial underlying value. There is no minimum payment at maturity on the securities, and you may lose up to all of your investment.
You may lose a significant portion or all of your investment. Unlike conventional debt securities, the securities do not provide for the repayment of the stated principal amount at maturity in all circumstances. If the securities are not redeemed prior to maturity, your payment at maturity will depend on the final underlying value. If the final underlying value is less than the final barrier value, you will lose 1% of the stated principal amount of your securities for every 1% by which the underlying has declined from the initial underlying value. There is no minimum payment at maturity on the securities, and you may lose up to all of your investment.
Table 20 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 20 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: You will not receive any contingent coupon on the contingent coupon payment date following any valuation date on which the closing value of the underlying is less than the coupon barrier value.  A contingent coupon payment will be made on a contingent coupon payment date if and only if the closing value of the underlying on the immediately preceding valuation date is greater than or equal to the coupon barrier value. If the closing value of the underlying on any valuation date is less than the coupon barrier value, you will not receive any contingent coupon payment on the immediately following contingent coupon payment date. If the closing value of the underlying on each valuation date is below the coupon barrier value, you will not receive any contingent coupon payments over the term of the securities.
You will not receive any contingent coupon on the contingent coupon payment date following any valuation date on which the closing value of the underlying is less than the coupon barrier value.  A contingent coupon payment will be made on a contingent coupon payment date if and only if the closing value of the underlying on the immediately preceding valuation date is greater than or equal to the coupon barrier value. If the closing value of the underlying on any valuation date is less than the coupon barrier value, you will not receive any contingent coupon payment on the immediately following contingent coupon payment date. If the closing value of the underlying on each valuation date is below the coupon barrier value, you will not receive any contingent coupon payments over the term of the securities.
Table 21 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 21 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: Higher contingent coupon rates are associated with greater risk. The securities offer contingent coupon payments at an annualized rate that, if all are paid, would produce a yield that is generally higher than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity. This higher potential yield is associated with greater levels of expected risk as of the pricing date for the securities, including the risk that you may not receive a contingent coupon payment on one or more, or any, contingent coupon payment dates and the risk that the value of what you receive at maturity may be significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities and may be zero. The volatility of the closing value of the underlying is an important factor affecting these risks. Greater expected volatility of the closing value of the underlying as of the pricing date may result in a higher contingent coupon rate, but would also represent a greater expected likelihood as of the pricing date that the closing value of the underlying on one or more valuation dates will be less than the coupon barrier value, such that you will not receive one or more, or any, contingent coupon payments during the term of the securities and that the final underlying value will be less than the final barrier value, such that you will not be repaid the stated principal amount of your securities at maturity.
Higher contingent coupon rates are associated with greater risk. The securities offer contingent coupon payments at an annualized rate that, if all are paid, would produce a yield that is generally higher than the yield on our conventional debt securities of the same maturity. This higher potential yield is associated with greater levels of expected risk as of the pricing date for the securities, including the risk that you may not receive a contingent coupon payment on one or more, or any, contingent coupon payment dates and the risk that the value of what you receive at maturity may be significantly less than the stated principal amount of your securities and may be zero. The volatility of the closing value of the underlying is an important factor affecting these risks. Greater expected volatility of the closing value of the underlying as of the pricing date may result in a higher contingent coupon rate, but would also represent a greater expected likelihood as of the pricing date that the closing value of the underlying on one or more valuation dates will be less than the coupon barrier value, such that you will not receive one or more, or any, contingent coupon payments during the term of the securities and that the final underlying value will be less than the final barrier value, such that you will not be repaid the stated principal amount of your securities at maturity.
Table 22 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 22 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: You may not be adequately compensated for assuming the downside risk of the underlying. The potential contingent coupon payments on the securities are the compensation you receive for assuming the downside risk of the underlying, as well as all the other risks of the securities. That compensation is effectively “at risk” and may, therefore, be less than you currently anticipate. First, the actual yield you realize on the securities could be lower than you anticipate because the coupon is “contingent” and you may not receive a contingent coupon payment on one or more, or any, of the contingent coupon payment dates. Second, the contingent coupon payments are the compensation you receive not only for the downside risk of the underlying, but also for all of the other risks of the securities, including the risk that the securities may be redeemed prior to maturity, interest rate risk and our and Citigroup Inc.’s credit risk. If those other risks increase or are otherwise greater than you currently anticipate, the contingent coupon payments may turn out to be inadequate to compensate you for all the risks of the securities, including the downside risk of the underlying.
You may not be adequately compensated for assuming the downside risk of the underlying. The potential contingent coupon payments on the securities are the compensation you receive for assuming the downside risk of the underlying, as well as all the other risks of the securities. That compensation is effectively “at risk” and may, therefore, be less than you currently anticipate. First, the actual yield you realize on the securities could be lower than you anticipate because the coupon is “contingent” and you may not receive a contingent coupon payment on one or more, or any, of the contingent coupon payment dates. Second, the contingent coupon payments are the compensation you receive not only for the downside risk of the underlying, but also for all of the other risks of the securities, including the risk that the securities may be redeemed prior to maturity, interest rate risk and our and Citigroup Inc.’s credit risk. If those other risks increase or are otherwise greater than you currently anticipate, the contingent coupon payments may turn out to be inadequate to compensate you for all the risks of the securities, including the downside risk of the underlying.
Table 23 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 23 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: We may redeem the securities at our option, which will limit your ability to receive the contingent coupon payments. We may redeem the securities on any potential redemption date. In the event that we redeem the securities, you will receive the stated principal amount of your securities and the related contingent coupon payment, if any. Thus, the term of the securities may be limited. If we redeem the securities prior to maturity, you will not receive any additional contingent coupon payments. Moreover, you may not be able to reinvest your funds in another investment that provides a similar yield with a similar level of risk. If we redeem the securities prior to maturity, it is likely to be at a time when the underlying is performing in a manner that would otherwise have been favorable to you. By contrast, if the underlying is performing unfavorably from your perspective, we are less likely to redeem the securities. If we redeem the securities, we will do so at a time that is advantageous to us and without regard to your interests.
We may redeem the securities at our option, which will limit your ability to receive the contingent coupon payments. We may redeem the securities on any potential redemption date. In the event that we redeem the securities, you will receive the stated principal amount of your securities and the related contingent coupon payment, if any. Thus, the term of the securities may be limited. If we redeem the securities prior to maturity, you will not receive any additional contingent coupon payments. Moreover, you may not be able to reinvest your funds in another investment that provides a similar yield with a similar level of risk. If we redeem the securities prior to maturity, it is likely to be at a time when the underlying is performing in a manner that would otherwise have been favorable to you. By contrast, if the underlying is performing unfavorably from your perspective, we are less likely to redeem the securities. If we redeem the securities, we will do so at a time that is advantageous to us and without regard to your interests.
Table 24 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 24 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities offer downside exposure to the underlying, but no upside exposure to the underlying.  You will not participate in any appreciation in the value of the underlying over the term of the securities. Consequently, your return on the securities will be limited to the contingent coupon payments you receive, if any, and may be significantly less than the return on the underlying over the term of the securities. In addition, as an investor in the securities, you will not receive any dividends or other distributions or have any other rights with respect to the underlying.
The securities offer downside exposure to the underlying, but no upside exposure to the underlying.  You will not participate in any appreciation in the value of the underlying over the term of the securities. Consequently, your return on the securities will be limited to the contingent coupon payments you receive, if any, and may be significantly less than the return on the underlying over the term of the securities. In addition, as an investor in the securities, you will not receive any dividends or other distributions or have any other rights with respect to the underlying.
Table 25 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 25 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The performance of the securities will depend on the closing value of the underlying solely on the valuation dates, which makes the securities particularly sensitive to volatility in the closing value of the underlying on or near the valuation dates. Whether the contingent coupon will be paid on any given contingent coupon payment date will depend on the closing value of the underlying solely on the applicable valuation dates, regardless of the closing value of the underlying on other days during the term of the securities. If the
The performance of the securities will depend on the closing value of the underlying solely on the valuation dates, which makes the securities particularly sensitive to volatility in the closing value of the underlying on or near the valuation dates. Whether the contingent coupon will be paid on any given contingent coupon payment date will depend on the closing value of the underlying solely on the applicable valuation dates, regardless of the closing value of the underlying on other days during the term of the securities. If the
Table 26 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-6
PS-6
Table 27 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
securities are not redeemed prior to maturity, what you receive at maturity will depend solely on the closing value of the underlying on the final valuation date, and not on any other day during the term of the securities. Because the performance of the securities depends on the closing value of the underlying on a limited number of dates, the securities will be particularly sensitive to volatility in the closing value of the underlying on or near the valuation dates. You should understand that the closing value of the underlying has historically been highly volatile.
Table 28 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 28 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities are subject to the credit risk of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc.  If we default on our obligations under the securities and Citigroup Inc. defaults on its guarantee obligations, you may not receive anything owed to you under the securities.
The securities are subject to the credit risk of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc.  If we default on our obligations under the securities and Citigroup Inc. defaults on its guarantee obligations, you may not receive anything owed to you under the securities.
Table 29 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 29 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange and you may not be able to sell them prior to maturity. The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange. Therefore, there may be little or no secondary market for the securities. CGMI currently intends to make a secondary market in relation to the securities and to provide an indicative bid price for the securities on a daily basis. Any indicative bid price for the securities provided by CGMI will be determined in CGMI’s sole discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors, and will not be a representation by CGMI that the securities can be sold at that price, or at all. CGMI may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative bid prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. If CGMI suspends or terminates making a market, there may be no secondary market at all for the securities because it is likely that CGMI will be the only broker-dealer that is willing to buy your securities prior to maturity. Accordingly, an investor must be prepared to hold the securities until maturity.
The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange and you may not be able to sell them prior to maturity. The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange. Therefore, there may be little or no secondary market for the securities. CGMI currently intends to make a secondary market in relation to the securities and to provide an indicative bid price for the securities on a daily basis. Any indicative bid price for the securities provided by CGMI will be determined in CGMI’s sole discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors, and will not be a representation by CGMI that the securities can be sold at that price, or at all. CGMI may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative bid prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. If CGMI suspends or terminates making a market, there may be no secondary market at all for the securities because it is likely that CGMI will be the only broker-dealer that is willing to buy your securities prior to maturity. Accordingly, an investor must be prepared to hold the securities until maturity.
Table 30 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 30 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The estimated value of the securities on the pricing date, based on CGMI’s proprietary pricing models and our internal funding rate, is less than the issue price. The difference is attributable to certain costs associated with selling, structuring and hedging the securities that are included in the issue price. These costs include (i) any selling concessions or other fees paid in connection with the offering of the securities, (ii) hedging and other costs incurred by us and our affiliates in connection with the offering of the securities and (iii) the expected profit (which may be more or less than actual profit) to CGMI or other of our affiliates in connection with hedging our obligations under the securities. These costs adversely affect the economic terms of the securities because, if they were lower, the economic terms of the securities would be more favorable to you. The economic terms of the securities are also likely to be adversely affected by the use of our internal funding rate, rather than our secondary market rate, to price the securities. See “The estimated value of the securities would be lower if it were calculated based on our secondary market rate” below.
The estimated value of the securities on the pricing date, based on CGMI’s proprietary pricing models and our internal funding rate, is less than the issue price. The difference is attributable to certain costs associated with selling, structuring and hedging the securities that are included in the issue price. These costs include (i) any selling concessions or other fees paid in connection with the offering of the securities, (ii) hedging and other costs incurred by us and our affiliates in connection with the offering of the securities and (iii) the expected profit (which may be more or less than actual profit) to CGMI or other of our affiliates in connection with hedging our obligations under the securities. These costs adversely affect the economic terms of the securities because, if they were lower, the economic terms of the securities would be more favorable to you. The economic terms of the securities are also likely to be adversely affected by the use of our internal funding rate, rather than our secondary market rate, to price the securities. See “The estimated value of the securities would be lower if it were calculated based on our secondary market rate” below.
Table 31 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 31 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The estimated value of the securities was determined for us by our affiliate using proprietary pricing models. CGMI derived the estimated value disclosed on the cover page of this pricing supplement from its proprietary pricing models. In doing so, it may have made discretionary judgments about the inputs to its models, such as the volatility of the closing value of the underlying, the dividend yield on the underlying and interest rates. CGMI’s views on these inputs may differ from your or others’ views, and as an underwriter in this offering, CGMI’s interests may conflict with yours. Both the models and the inputs to the models may prove to be wrong and therefore not an accurate reflection of the value of the securities. Moreover, the estimated value of the securities set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement may differ from the value that we or our affiliates may determine for the securities for other purposes, including for accounting purposes. You should not invest in the securities because of the estimated value of the securities. Instead, you should be willing to hold the securities to maturity irrespective of the initial estimated value.
The estimated value of the securities was determined for us by our affiliate using proprietary pricing models. CGMI derived the estimated value disclosed on the cover page of this pricing supplement from its proprietary pricing models. In doing so, it may have made discretionary judgments about the inputs to its models, such as the volatility of the closing value of the underlying, the dividend yield on the underlying and interest rates. CGMI’s views on these inputs may differ from your or others’ views, and as an underwriter in this offering, CGMI’s interests may conflict with yours. Both the models and the inputs to the models may prove to be wrong and therefore not an accurate reflection of the value of the securities. Moreover, the estimated value of the securities set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement may differ from the value that we or our affiliates may determine for the securities for other purposes, including for accounting purposes. You should not invest in the securities because of the estimated value of the securities. Instead, you should be willing to hold the securities to maturity irrespective of the initial estimated value.
Table 32 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 32 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The estimated value of the securities would be lower if it were calculated based on our secondary market rate.  The estimated value of the securities included in this pricing supplement is calculated based on our internal funding rate, which is the rate at which we are willing to borrow funds through the issuance of the securities. Our internal funding rate is generally lower than our secondary market rate, which is the rate that CGMI will use in determining the value of the securities for purposes of any purchases of the securities from you in the secondary market. If the estimated value included in this pricing supplement were based on our secondary market rate, rather than our internal funding rate, it would likely be lower. We determine our internal funding rate based on factors such as the costs associated with the securities, which are generally higher than the costs associated with conventional debt securities, and our liquidity needs and preferences. Our internal funding rate is not an interest rate that is payable on the securities.
The estimated value of the securities would be lower if it were calculated based on our secondary market rate.  The estimated value of the securities included in this pricing supplement is calculated based on our internal funding rate, which is the rate at which we are willing to borrow funds through the issuance of the securities. Our internal funding rate is generally lower than our secondary market rate, which is the rate that CGMI will use in determining the value of the securities for purposes of any purchases of the securities from you in the secondary market. If the estimated value included in this pricing supplement were based on our secondary market rate, rather than our internal funding rate, it would likely be lower. We determine our internal funding rate based on factors such as the costs associated with the securities, which are generally higher than the costs associated with conventional debt securities, and our liquidity needs and preferences. Our internal funding rate is not an interest rate that is payable on the securities.
Because there is not an active market for traded instruments referencing our outstanding debt obligations, CGMI determines our secondary market rate based on the market price of traded instruments referencing the debt obligations of Citigroup Inc., our parent company and the guarantor of all payments due on the securities, but subject to adjustments that CGMI makes in its sole discretion. As a result, our secondary market rate is not a market-determined measure of our creditworthiness, but rather reflects the market’s perception of our parent company’s creditworthiness as adjusted for discretionary factors such as CGMI’s preferences with respect to purchasing the securities prior to maturity.
Table 33 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 33 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The estimated value of the securities is not an indication of the price, if any, at which CGMI or any other person may be willing to buy the securities from you in the secondary market.  Any such secondary market price will fluctuate over the term of the securities based on the market and other factors described in the next risk factor. Moreover, unlike the estimated value included in this pricing supplement, any value of the securities determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction will be based on our secondary market rate, which will likely result in a lower value for the securities than if our internal funding rate were used. In addition, any secondary market price for the securities will be reduced by a bid-ask spread, which may vary depending on the aggregate stated principal amount of the securities to be purchased in the secondary market transaction, and the expected cost of unwinding related hedging transactions. As a result, it is likely that any secondary market price for the securities will be less than the issue price.
The estimated value of the securities is not an indication of the price, if any, at which CGMI or any other person may be willing to buy the securities from you in the secondary market.  Any such secondary market price will fluctuate over the term of the securities based on the market and other factors described in the next risk factor. Moreover, unlike the estimated value included in this pricing supplement, any value of the securities determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction will be based on our secondary market rate, which will likely result in a lower value for the securities than if our internal funding rate were used. In addition, any secondary market price for the securities will be reduced by a bid-ask spread, which may vary depending on the aggregate stated principal amount of the securities to be purchased in the secondary market transaction, and the expected cost of unwinding related hedging transactions. As a result, it is likely that any secondary market price for the securities will be less than the issue price.
Table 34 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 34 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The value of the securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on many unpredictable factors. The value of your securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on the closing value of the underlying, the volatility of the closing value of the underlying, the dividend yield on the underlying, interest rates generally, the time remaining to maturity and our and Citigroup Inc.’s creditworthiness, as reflected in our secondary market rate, among other factors described under “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities—Risk Factors Relating to All Securities—The value of your securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on many unpredictable factors” in the accompanying product
The value of the securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on many unpredictable factors. The value of your securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on the closing value of the underlying, the volatility of the closing value of the underlying, the dividend yield on the underlying, interest rates generally, the time remaining to maturity and our and Citigroup Inc.’s creditworthiness, as reflected in our secondary market rate, among other factors described under “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities—Risk Factors Relating to All Securities—The value of your securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on many unpredictable factors” in the accompanying product
Table 35 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-7
PS-7
Table 36 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
supplement. Changes in the closing value of the underlying may not result in a comparable change in the value of your securities. You should understand that the value of your securities at any time prior to maturity may be significantly less than the issue price.
Table 37 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 37 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: Immediately following issuance, any secondary market bid price provided by CGMI, and the value that will be indicated on any brokerage account statements prepared by CGMI or its affiliates, will reflect a temporary upward adjustment.  The amount of this temporary upward adjustment will steadily decline to zero over the temporary adjustment period. See “Valuation of the Securities” in this pricing supplement.
Immediately following issuance, any secondary market bid price provided by CGMI, and the value that will be indicated on any brokerage account statements prepared by CGMI or its affiliates, will reflect a temporary upward adjustment.  The amount of this temporary upward adjustment will steadily decline to zero over the temporary adjustment period. See “Valuation of the Securities” in this pricing supplement.
Table 38 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 38 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: Our offering of the securities is not a recommendation of the underlying. The fact that we are offering the securities does not mean that we believe that investing in an instrument linked to the underlying is likely to achieve favorable returns. In fact, as we are part of a global financial institution, our affiliates may have positions (including short positions) in the underlying or in instruments related to the underlying, and may publish research or express opinions, that in each case are inconsistent with an investment linked to the underlying. These and other activities of our affiliates may affect the closing value of the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities.
Our offering of the securities is not a recommendation of the underlying. The fact that we are offering the securities does not mean that we believe that investing in an instrument linked to the underlying is likely to achieve favorable returns. In fact, as we are part of a global financial institution, our affiliates may have positions (including short positions) in the underlying or in instruments related to the underlying, and may publish research or express opinions, that in each case are inconsistent with an investment linked to the underlying. These and other activities of our affiliates may affect the closing value of the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities.
Table 39 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 39 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The closing value of the underlying may be adversely affected by our or our affiliates’ hedging and other trading activities.  We have hedged our obligations under the securities through CGMI or other of our affiliates, who have taken positions in the underlying or in financial instruments related to the underlying and may adjust such positions during the term of the securities. Our affiliates also take positions in the underlying or in financial instruments related to the underlying on a regular basis (taking long or short positions or both), for their accounts, for other accounts under their management or to facilitate transactions on behalf of customers. These activities could affect the closing value of the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities. They could also result in substantial returns for us or our affiliates while the value of the securities declines.
The closing value of the underlying may be adversely affected by our or our affiliates’ hedging and other trading activities.  We have hedged our obligations under the securities through CGMI or other of our affiliates, who have taken positions in the underlying or in financial instruments related to the underlying and may adjust such positions during the term of the securities. Our affiliates also take positions in the underlying or in financial instruments related to the underlying on a regular basis (taking long or short positions or both), for their accounts, for other accounts under their management or to facilitate transactions on behalf of customers. These activities could affect the closing value of the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities. They could also result in substantial returns for us or our affiliates while the value of the securities declines.
Table 40 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 40 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: We and our affiliates may have economic interests that are adverse to yours as a result of our affiliates’ business activities.  Our affiliates engage in business activities with a wide range of companies. These activities include extending loans, making and facilitating investments, underwriting securities offerings and providing advisory services. These activities could involve or affect the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities. They could also result in substantial returns for us or our affiliates while the value of the securities declines. In addition, in the course of this business, we or our affiliates may acquire non-public information, which will not be disclosed to you.
We and our affiliates may have economic interests that are adverse to yours as a result of our affiliates’ business activities.  Our affiliates engage in business activities with a wide range of companies. These activities include extending loans, making and facilitating investments, underwriting securities offerings and providing advisory services. These activities could involve or affect the underlying in a way that negatively affects the value of and your return on the securities. They could also result in substantial returns for us or our affiliates while the value of the securities declines. In addition, in the course of this business, we or our affiliates may acquire non-public information, which will not be disclosed to you.
Table 41 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 41 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The calculation agent, which is an affiliate of ours, will make important determinations with respect to the securities.  If certain events occur during the term of the securities, such as market disruption events and other events with respect to the underlying, CGMI, as calculation agent, will be required to make discretionary judgments that could significantly affect your return on the securities. In making these judgments, the calculation agent’s interests as an affiliate of ours could be adverse to your interests as a holder of the securities. See “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities—Risk Factors Relating to All Securities—The calculation agent, which is an affiliate of ours, will make important determinations with respect to the securities” in the accompanying product supplement.
The calculation agent, which is an affiliate of ours, will make important determinations with respect to the securities.  If certain events occur during the term of the securities, such as market disruption events and other events with respect to the underlying, CGMI, as calculation agent, will be required to make discretionary judgments that could significantly affect your return on the securities. In making these judgments, the calculation agent’s interests as an affiliate of ours could be adverse to your interests as a holder of the securities. See “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities—Risk Factors Relating to All Securities—The calculation agent, which is an affiliate of ours, will make important determinations with respect to the securities” in the accompanying product supplement.
Table 42 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 42 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: Even if the underlying pays a dividend that it identifies as special or extraordinary, no adjustment will be required under the securities for that dividend unless it meets the criteria specified in the accompanying product supplement.  In general, an adjustment will not be made under the terms of the securities for any cash dividend paid by the underlying unless the amount of the dividend per share, together with any other dividends paid in the same quarter, exceeds the dividend paid per share in the most recent quarter by an amount equal to at least 10% of the closing value of the underlying on the date of declaration of the dividend. Any dividend will reduce the closing value of the underlying by the amount of the dividend per share. If the underlying pays any dividend for which an adjustment is not made under the terms of the securities, holders of the securities will be adversely affected. See “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF—Dilution and Reorganization Adjustments—Certain Extraordinary Cash Dividends” in the accompanying product supplement.
Even if the underlying pays a dividend that it identifies as special or extraordinary, no adjustment will be required under the securities for that dividend unless it meets the criteria specified in the accompanying product supplement.  In general, an adjustment will not be made under the terms of the securities for any cash dividend paid by the underlying unless the amount of the dividend per share, together with any other dividends paid in the same quarter, exceeds the dividend paid per share in the most recent quarter by an amount equal to at least 10% of the closing value of the underlying on the date of declaration of the dividend. Any dividend will reduce the closing value of the underlying by the amount of the dividend per share. If the underlying pays any dividend for which an adjustment is not made under the terms of the securities, holders of the securities will be adversely affected. See “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF—Dilution and Reorganization Adjustments—Certain Extraordinary Cash Dividends” in the accompanying product supplement.
Table 43 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 43 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities will not be adjusted for all events that may have a dilutive effect on or otherwise adversely affect the closing value of the underlying.  For example, we will not make any adjustment for ordinary dividends or extraordinary dividends that do not meet the criteria described above, partial tender offers or additional underlying share issuances. Moreover, the adjustments we do make may not fully offset the dilutive or adverse effect of the particular event. Investors in the securities may be adversely affected by such an event in a circumstance in which a direct holder of the underlying shares would not.
The securities will not be adjusted for all events that may have a dilutive effect on or otherwise adversely affect the closing value of the underlying.  For example, we will not make any adjustment for ordinary dividends or extraordinary dividends that do not meet the criteria described above, partial tender offers or additional underlying share issuances. Moreover, the adjustments we do make may not fully offset the dilutive or adverse effect of the particular event. Investors in the securities may be adversely affected by such an event in a circumstance in which a direct holder of the underlying shares would not.
Table 44 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 44 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The securities may become linked to an underlying other than the original underlying upon the occurrence of a reorganization event or upon the delisting of the underlying shares. For example, if the underlying enters into a merger agreement that provides for holders of the underlying shares to receive shares of another entity and such shares are marketable securities, the closing value of the underlying following consummation of the merger will be based on the value of such other shares. Additionally, if the underlying shares are delisted, the calculation agent may select a successor underlying. See “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF” in the accompanying product supplement.
The securities may become linked to an underlying other than the original underlying upon the occurrence of a reorganization event or upon the delisting of the underlying shares. For example, if the underlying enters into a merger agreement that provides for holders of the underlying shares to receive shares of another entity and such shares are marketable securities, the closing value of the underlying following consummation of the merger will be based on the value of such other shares. Additionally, if the underlying shares are delisted, the calculation agent may select a successor underlying. See “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF” in the accompanying product supplement.
Table 45 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 45 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: If the underlying shares are delisted, we may call the securities prior to maturity for an amount that may be less than the stated principal amount.  If we exercise this call right, you will receive the amount described under “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF—Delisting of an Underlying Company” in the accompanying product supplement. This amount may be less, and possibly significantly less, than the stated principal amount of the securities.
If the underlying shares are delisted, we may call the securities prior to maturity for an amount that may be less than the stated principal amount.  If we exercise this call right, you will receive the amount described under “Description of the Securities—Certain Additional Terms for Securities Linked to an Underlying Company or an Underlying ETF—Delisting of an Underlying Company” in the accompanying product supplement. This amount may be less, and possibly significantly less, than the stated principal amount of the securities.
Table 46 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: ■
■
Table 46 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ■ | Column Header: The U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the securities are unclear. There is no direct legal authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment of the securities, and we do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). Consequently, significant aspects of the tax treatment of the securities are uncertain, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatment of the securities as described in “United States Federal Tax Considerations” below. If the IRS were successful in asserting an alternative treatment of the securities, the tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of the securities might be materially and
The U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the securities are unclear. There is no direct legal authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment of the securities, and we do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). Consequently, significant aspects of the tax treatment of the securities are uncertain, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatment of the securities as described in “United States Federal Tax Considerations” below. If the IRS were successful in asserting an alternative treatment of the securities, the tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of the securities might be materially and
Table 47 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-8
PS-8
Table 48 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
adversely affected. Moreover, future legislation, Treasury regulations or IRS guidance could adversely affect the U.S. federal tax treatment of the securities, possibly retroactively.
Non-U.S. investors should note that persons having withholding responsibility in respect of the securities may withhold on any coupon payment paid to a non-U.S. investor, generally at a rate of 30%. To the extent that we have withholding responsibility in respect of the securities, we intend to so withhold.
You should read carefully the discussion under “United States Federal Tax Considerations” and “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities” in the accompanying product supplement and “United States Federal Tax Considerations” in this pricing supplement. You should also consult your tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the securities, as well as tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.
Table 49 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-9
PS-9
Table 50 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Information About NVIDIA Corporation
NVIDIA Corporation designs, develops, and markets three-dimensional (3D) graphics processors and related software. The company offers products that provide interactive 3D graphics to the mainstream personal computer market. The underlying shares of NVIDIA Corporation are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Information provided to or filed with the SEC by NVIDIA Corporation pursuant to the Exchange Act can be located by reference to the SEC file number 000-23985 through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, information regarding NVIDIA Corporation may be obtained from other sources including, but not limited to, press releases, newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents. The underlying shares of NVIDIA Corporation trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “NVDA.”
We have derived all information regarding NVIDIA Corporation from publicly available information and have not independently verified any information regarding NVIDIA Corporation. This pricing supplement relates only to the securities and not to NVIDIA Corporation. We make no representation as to the performance of NVIDIA Corporation over the term of the securities.
The securities represent obligations of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.) only. NVIDIA Corporation is not involved in any way in this offering and has no obligation relating to the securities or to holders of the securities.
Historical Information
The closing value of NVIDIA Corporation on December 28, 2023 was $495.22.
The graph below shows the closing value of NVIDIA Corporation for each day such value was available from January 2, 2013 to December 28, 2023. We obtained the closing values from Bloomberg L.P., without independent verification. If certain corporate transactions occurred during the historical period shown below, including, but not limited to, spin-offs or mergers, then the closing values shown below for the period prior to the occurrence of any such transaction have been adjusted by Bloomberg L.P. as if any such transaction had occurred prior to the first day in the period shown below. You should not take historical closing values as an indication of future performance.
Table 51 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: NVIDIA Corporation – Historical Closing Values 
 January 2, 2013 to December 28, 2023 | Column Header: NVIDIA Corporation – Historical Closing Values 
 January 2, 2013 to December 28, 2023
NVIDIA Corporation – Historical Closing Values 
 January 2, 2013 to December 28, 2023
Table 52 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-10
PS-10
Table 53 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
United States Federal Tax Considerations
You should read carefully the discussion under “United States Federal Tax Considerations” and “Risk Factors Relating to the Securities” in the accompanying product supplement and “Summary Risk Factors” in this pricing supplement.
Due to the lack of any controlling legal authority, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the securities. In connection with any information reporting requirements we may have in respect of the securities under applicable law, we intend (in the absence of an administrative determination or judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts with associated coupon payments that will be treated as gross income to you at the time received or accrued in accordance with your regular method of tax accounting. In the opinion of our counsel, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, which is based on current market conditions, this treatment of the securities is reasonable under current law; however, our counsel has advised us that it is unable to conclude affirmatively that this treatment is more likely than not to be upheld, and that alternative treatments are possible.
Assuming this treatment of the securities is respected and subject to the discussion in “United States Federal Tax Considerations” in the accompanying product supplement, the following U.S. federal income tax consequences should result under current law:
Table 54 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ● | Column Header: ●
●
Table 54 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ● | Column Header: Any coupon payments on the securities should be taxable as ordinary income to you at the time received or accrued in accordance with your regular method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Any coupon payments on the securities should be taxable as ordinary income to you at the time received or accrued in accordance with your regular method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Table 55 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: ● | Column Header: ●
●
Table 55 Row 1 Col 2 | Row Header: ● | Column Header: Upon a sale or exchange of a security (including retirement at maturity), you should recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and your tax basis in the security. For this purpose, the amount realized does not include any coupon paid on retirement and may not include sale proceeds attributable to an accrued coupon, which may be treated as a coupon payment. Such gain or loss should be long-term capital gain or loss if you held the security for more than one year.
Upon a sale or exchange of a security (including retirement at maturity), you should recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and your tax basis in the security. For this purpose, the amount realized does not include any coupon paid on retirement and may not include sale proceeds attributable to an accrued coupon, which may be treated as a coupon payment. Such gain or loss should be long-term capital gain or loss if you held the security for more than one year.
We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the treatment of the securities. An alternative characterization of the securities could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of ownership and disposition of the securities, including the timing and character of income recognized. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of “prepaid forward contracts” and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. Furthermore, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the securities, possibly with retroactive effect. You should consult your tax adviser regarding possible alternative tax treatments of the securities and potential changes in applicable law.
Withholding Tax on Non-U.S. Holders. Because significant aspects of the tax treatment of the securities are uncertain, persons having withholding responsibility in respect of the securities may withhold on any coupon payment paid to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined in the accompanying product supplement), generally at a rate of 30%. To the extent that we have (or an affiliate of ours has) withholding responsibility in respect of the securities, we intend to so withhold. In order to claim an exemption from, or a reduction in, the 30% withholding, you may need to comply with certification requirements to establish that you are not a U.S. person and are eligible for such an exemption or reduction under an applicable tax treaty. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the tax treatment of the securities, including the possibility of obtaining a refund of any amounts withheld and the certification requirement described above.
As discussed under “United States Federal Tax Considerations—Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders” in the accompanying product supplement, Section 871(m) of the Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (“U.S. Underlying Equities”) or indices that include U.S. Underlying Equities. Section 871(m) generally applies to instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations. However, the regulations, as modified by an IRS notice, exempt financial instruments issued prior to January 1, 2025 that do not have a “delta” of one. Based on the terms of the securities and representations provided by us, our counsel is of the opinion that the securities should not be treated as transactions that have a “delta” of one within the meaning of the regulations with respect to any U.S. Underlying Equity and, therefore, should not be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m).
A determination that the securities are not subject to Section 871(m) is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with this treatment. Moreover, Section 871(m) is complex and its application may depend on your particular circumstances, including your other transactions. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the securities.
We will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld.
You should read the section entitled “United States Federal Tax Considerations” in the accompanying product supplement. The preceding discussion, when read in combination with that section, constitutes the full opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP regarding the material U.S. federal tax consequences of owning and disposing of the securities.
You should also consult your tax adviser regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences of an investment in the securities and any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.
Supplemental Plan of Distribution
CGMI, an affiliate of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and the underwriter of the sale of the securities, is acting as principal and will receive an underwriting fee of up to $7.00 for each security sold in this offering. The actual underwriting fee will be equal to the selling concession provided to selected dealers, as described in this paragraph. From this underwriting fee, CGMI will pay selected dealers not affiliated with CGMI a variable selling concession of up to $7.00 for each security they sell. For the avoidance of doubt, any fees or selling concessions described in this pricing supplement will not be rebated if we redeem the securities prior to maturity.
Table 56 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-11
PS-11
Table 57 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
See “Plan of Distribution; Conflicts of Interest” in the accompanying product supplement and “Plan of Distribution” in each of the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus for additional information.
Valuation of the Securities
CGMI calculated the estimated value of the securities set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement based on proprietary pricing models. CGMI’s proprietary pricing models generated an estimated value for the securities by estimating the value of a hypothetical package of financial instruments that would replicate the payout on the securities, which consists of a fixed-income bond (the “bond component”) and one or more derivative instruments underlying the economic terms of the securities (the “derivative component”). CGMI calculated the estimated value of the bond component using a discount rate based on our internal funding rate. CGMI calculated the estimated value of the derivative component based on a proprietary derivative-pricing model, which generated a theoretical price for the instruments that constitute the derivative component based on various inputs, including the factors described under “Summary Risk Factors—The value of the securities prior to maturity will fluctuate based on many unpredictable factors” in this pricing supplement, but not including our or Citigroup Inc.’s creditworthiness. These inputs may be market-observable or may be based on assumptions made by CGMI in its discretionary judgment.
For a period of approximately three months following issuance of the securities, the price, if any, at which CGMI would be willing to buy the securities from investors, and the value that will be indicated for the securities on any brokerage account statements prepared by CGMI or its affiliates (which value CGMI may also publish through one or more financial information vendors), will reflect a temporary upward adjustment from the price or value that would otherwise be determined. This temporary upward adjustment represents a portion of the hedging profit expected to be realized by CGMI or its affiliates over the term of the securities. The amount of this temporary upward adjustment will decline to zero on a straight-line basis over the three-month temporary adjustment period. However, CGMI is not obligated to buy the securities from investors at any time.  See “Summary Risk Factors—The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange and you may not be able to sell them prior to maturity.”
Validity of the Securities
In the opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, as special products counsel to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., when the securities offered by this pricing supplement have been executed and issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and authenticated by the trustee pursuant to the indenture, and delivered against payment therefor, such securities and the related guarantee of Citigroup Inc. will be valid and binding obligations of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc., respectively, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability (including, without limitation, concepts of good faith, fair dealing and the lack of bad faith), provided that such counsel expresses no opinion as to the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above. This opinion is given as of the date of this pricing supplement and is limited to the laws of the State of New York, except that such counsel expresses no opinion as to the application of state securities or Blue Sky laws to the securities.
In giving this opinion, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP has assumed the legal conclusions expressed in the opinions set forth below of Alexia Breuvart, Secretary and General Counsel of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., and Barbara Politi, Associate General Counsel—Capital Markets of Citigroup Inc. In addition, this opinion is subject to the assumptions set forth in the letter of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP dated March 7, 2023, which has been filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Citigroup Inc. on March 8, 2023, that the indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid, binding and enforceable agreement of, the trustee and that none of the terms of the securities nor the issuance and delivery of the securities and the related guarantee, nor the compliance by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc. with the terms of the securities and the related guarantee respectively, will result in a violation of any provision of any instrument or agreement then binding upon Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. or Citigroup Inc., as applicable, or any restriction imposed by any court or governmental body having jurisdiction over Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. or Citigroup Inc., as applicable.
In the opinion of Alexia Breuvart, Secretary and General Counsel of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., (i) the terms of the securities offered by this pricing supplement have been duly established under the indenture and the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. has duly authorized the issuance and sale of such securities and such authorization has not been modified or rescinded; (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York; (iii) the indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.; and (iv) the execution and delivery of such indenture and of the securities offered by this pricing supplement by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., and the performance by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. of its obligations thereunder, are within its corporate powers and do not contravene its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents. This opinion is given as of the date of this pricing supplement and is limited to the laws of the State of New York.
Alexia Breuvart, or other internal attorneys with whom she has consulted, has examined and is familiar with originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to her satisfaction, of such corporate records of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., certificates or documents as she has deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinions expressed above. In such examination, she or such persons has assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures (other than those of officers of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.), the authenticity of all documents submitted to her or such persons as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to her or such persons as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copies.
In the opinion of Barbara Politi, Associate General Counsel—Capital Markets of Citigroup Inc., (i) the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) of Citigroup Inc. has duly authorized the guarantee of such securities by Citigroup Inc. and such authorization has not been modified or rescinded; (ii) Citigroup Inc. is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware; (iii) the indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Citigroup Inc.; and (iv) the execution and delivery of such indenture, and the performance by Citigroup Inc. of its obligations thereunder, are within its corporate powers and do not contravene its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other
Table 58 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-12
PS-12
Table 59 Row 1 Col 1 | Row Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. | Column Header: Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
constitutive documents.  This opinion is given as of the date of this pricing supplement and is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
Barbara Politi, or other internal attorneys with whom she has consulted, has examined and is familiar with originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to her satisfaction, of such corporate records of Citigroup Inc., certificates or documents as she has deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinions expressed above. In such examination, she or such persons has assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures (other than those of officers of Citigroup Inc.), the authenticity of all documents submitted to her or such persons as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to her or such persons as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copies.
Contact
Clients may contact their local brokerage representative. Third-party distributors may contact Citi Structured Investment Sales at (212) 723-7005.
© 2023 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. All rights reserved. Citi and Citi and Arc Design are trademarks and service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates and are used and registered throughout the world.
Table 60 Row 1 Col 2 | Column Header: PS-13
PS-13