STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
PROSPECTUS
The shares offered by this prospectus represent interests in an open-end,
diversified management investment company (a mutual fund) known as Stock and
Bond Fund, Inc. (the "Fund").
The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide relative safety of capital
with the possibility of long-term growth of capital and income. Consideration is
also given to current income. The Fund pursues these objectives by investing in
a professionally managed, diversified portfolio of common and preferred stocks
and other equity securities, bonds, notes, and short-term obligations.
This prospectus contains the information you should read and know before you
invest in Stock and Bond Fund, Inc. Keep this prospectus for future reference.
THE SHARES OFFERED BY THIS PROSPECTUS ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY
BANK, ARE NOT ENDORSED OR GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK, AND ARE NOT INSURED BY THE
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, THE FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD, OR ANY OTHER
GOVERNMENT AGENCY. INVESTMENT IN THESE SHARES INVOLVES INVESTMENT RISKS
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE LOSS OF PRINCIPAL.
The Fund has also filed a Statement of Additional Information dated December 31,
1995, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in
the Statement of Additional Information is incorporated by reference into this
prospectus. You may request a copy of the Statement of Additional Information or
a paper copy of this prospectus if you have received your prospectus
electronically, free of charge by calling 1-800-235-4669. To obtain other
information or to make inquiries about the Fund, contact the Fund at the address
listed in the back of this prospectus.
THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A
CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Prospectus dated December 31, 1995
TABLE OF CONTENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 1 Field S
<c>
I
SUMMARY OF FUND EXPENSES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 2 Field S
<c> <c>
Table 2 Field S
<c> <c>
(1) The management fee has been reduced to reflect the voluntary waiver of a
 portion of the management fee. The adviser can terminate this voluntary
 waiver at any time at its sole discretion. The maximum management fee is
 0.55% of average daily net assets plus 4.50% of gross income, excluding
 capital gains or losses.
(2) The maximum shareholder services fee is 0.25%.
(3) The total operating expenses would have been 1.38% absent the voluntary
 waivers of a portion of the management fee and a portion of the shareholder
 services fee.
 The purpose of this table is to assist an investor in understanding the
various costs and expenses that a shareholder of the Fund will bear, either
directly or indirectly. For more complete descriptions of the various costs and
expenses, see "Fund Information." Wire-transferred redemptions of less than
$5,000 may be subject to additional fees.
Table 3 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c>
THE ABOVE EXAMPLE SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED A REPRESENTATION OF PAST OR
FUTURE EXPENSES. ACTUAL EXPENSES MAY BE GREATER OR LESS THAN THOSE SHOWN.
 1
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(FOR A SHARE OUTSTANDING THROUGHOUT EACH PERIOD)
Reference is made to the Independent Auditors' Report on page 31.
Table 4 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c> <c> <c>
Table 4 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c> <c>
* Computed on an annualized basis.
(a) Reflects operations for the ten month period ended October 31, 1990.
(b) Based on net asset value, which does not reflect the sales charge or
 contingent deferred sales charge, if applicable.
(c) This voluntary expense decrease is reflected in both the expense and net
 investment income ratios shown above.
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 2
GENERAL INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Fund was incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland on October 31,
1934. On April 16, 1993, the Fund's Articles of Incorporation were amended by
Shareholders to permit the Fund to offer separate series of shares representing
interests in separate portfolios of securities. The shares in any one portfolio
may be offered in separate classes. During the fiscal year ended October 31,
1994, the Fund offered Class A and Class C Shares. On August 31, 1994, the Fund
was reorganized to terminate the separate classes of shares.
The Fund is designed for institutions, pension plans, and individuals as a
convenient means of accumulating an interest in a professionally managed,
diversified portfolio of common and preferred stocks and other equity
securities, bonds, notes, and short-term obligations. A minimum initial
investment of $25,000 over a 90-day period is required.
Shares are currently sold and redeemed at net asset value without a sales charge
imposed by the Fund.
INVESTMENT INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES
The investment objectives of the Fund are to provide relative safety of capital
with the possibility of long-term growth of capital and income. Consideration is
also given to current income. The Fund pursues these investment objectives by
investing in a professionally managed, diversified portfolio of common and
preferred stocks and other equity securities, bonds, notes, and short-term
obligations. While there is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its
investment objectives, it endeavors to do so by following the investment
policies described in this prospectus. The investment objectives and the
policies and limitations described below cannot be changed without approval of
shareholders, unless otherwise noted.
INVESTMENT POLICIES
As a matter of investment policy, which may be changed without shareholder
approval, under normal circumstances, the Fund will invest at least 65% of its
total assets in stocks and bonds.
ACCEPTABLE INVESTMENTS. The Fund invests primarily in a diversified portfolio
of common stocks, bonds, convertible securities, and preferred stocks which
provide characteristics of stability and relative safety, and marketable
securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, its agencies or
instrumentalities. The Fund anticipates that it will experience characteristics
of stability and relative safety by investing primarily in securities of larger,
well-established companies which have a history of lower volatility in earnings
and price fluctuations.
 COMMON STOCKS. The common stocks in which the Fund invests are selected by
 the Fund's investment adviser on the basis of traditional research
 techniques, including assessment of earnings and dividend growth, prospects
 and the risk and volatility of the company's industry.
 3
 However, other factors, such as product position, market share, or
 profitability, will also be considered by the Fund's investment adviser.
 CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES. Convertible securities are fixed income securities
 which may be exchanged or converted into a predetermined number of the
 issuer's underlying common stock at the option of the holder during a
 specified time period. Convertible securities may take the form of
 convertible preferred stock, convertible bonds or debentures, units
 consisting of "usable" bonds and warrants, or a combination of the features
 of several of these securities. The investment characteristics of each
 convertible security vary widely, which allows convertible securities to be
 employed for different investment objectives. In selecting convertible
 securities for the Fund, the Fund's investment adviser evaluates the
 investment potential of the underlying security for capital appreciation.
 The convertible securities in which the Fund invests will be rated
 "investment grade" or of comparable quality at the time of purchase. See
 "Investment-Grade Bonds."
INVESTMENT-GRADE BONDS. The bonds in which the Fund invests will be rated
investment grade (i.e., rated Baa or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc.,
("Moody's"), BBB or better by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group ("S&P") and Fitch
Investors Service, Inc. ("Fitch"), or, if unrated, deemed to be of comparable
quality) by the Fund's investment adviser. Bonds rated BBB by S&P or Fitch or
Baa by Moody's have speculative characteristics. Changes in economic conditions
or other circumstances are more likely to lead to weakened capacity to make
principal and interest payments than higher rated bonds. If a security's rating
is reduced below the required minimum after the Fund has purchased it, the Fund
is not required to sell the security but may consider doing so. A description of
the rating categories is contained in the Appendix to the Statement of
Additional Information. (The Fund intends to restrict investments to securities
rated investment grade in the current fiscal year. However, the Fund reserves
the right to, in the future, invest in securities rated below investment grade.
The Fund will notify shareholders of such a change in investment policy prior to
its implementation.)
U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES. The U.S. government securities in which the Fund
invests are either issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, its agencies or
instrumentalities. These securities include, but are not limited to:
 - direct obligations of the U.S. Treasury, such as U.S. Treasury bills,
 notes, and bonds; and
 - notes, bonds, and discount notes of U.S. government agencies or
 instrumentalities such as the: Farm Credit System, including the National
 Bank for Cooperatives and Banks for Cooperatives; Federal Home Loan Banks;
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; Federal National Mortgage
 Association; Government National Mortgage Association; Export-Import Bank
 of the United States; Commodity Credit Corporation; Federal Financing
 Bank; The Student Loan Marketing Association; National Credit Union
 Administration; and Tennessee Valley Authority.
The prices of fixed income securities fluctuate inversely to the direction of
interest rates.
Some obligations issued or guaranteed by agencies or instrumentalities of the
U.S. government, such as Government National Mortgage Association participation
certificates, are backed by the full faith
 4
and credit of the U.S. Treasury. Others for which no assurances can be given
that the U.S. government will provide financial support to the agencies or
instrumentalities, since it is not obligated to do so, are supported by:
 - the issuer's right to borrow an amount limited to a specific line of
 credit from the U.S. Treasury;
 - discretionary authority of the U.S. government to purchase certain
 obligations of an agency or instrumentality;
 - or the credit of the agency or instrumentality.
FOREIGN ISSUERS. The Fund may invest in the securities of foreign issuers which
are freely traded on United States securities exchanges or in the
over-the-counter market in the form of depositary receipts. The Fund will limit
its investments in non-ADR foreign obligations to less than 5% of its assets.
Securities of a foreign issuer may present greater risks in the form of
nationalization, confiscation, domestic marketability, or other national or
international restrictions. As a matter of practice, the Fund will not invest in
the securities of a foreign issuer if any such risk appears to the investment
adviser to be substantial.
TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS. In such proportions as, in the judgment of its
investment adviser, prevailing market conditions warrant, the Fund may, for
temporary defensive purposes, invest in:
 - short-term money market instruments;
 - securities issued and/or guaranteed as to payment of principal and
 interest by the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities; and
 - repurchase agreements.
 REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. Repurchase agreements are arrangements in which
 banks, broker/ dealers, and other recognized financial institutions sell
 U.S. government securities or other securities to the Fund and agree at the
 time of sale to repurchase them at a mutually agreed upon time and price.
 The Fund or its custodian will take possession of the securities subject to
 repurchase agreements and these securities will be marked to market daily.
 To the extent that the original seller does not repurchase the securities
 from the Fund, the Fund could receive less than the repurchase price on any
 sale of such securities. In the event that such a defaulting seller filed
 for bankruptcy or became insolvent, disposition of such securities by the
 Fund might be delayed pending court action. The Fund believes that under the
 regular procedures normally in effect for custody of the Fund's portfolio
 securities subject to repurchase agreements, a court of competent
 jurisdiction would rule in favor of the Fund and allow retention or
 disposition of such securities. The Fund will only enter into repurchase
 agreements with banks and other recognized financial institutions, such as
 broker/dealers, which are found by the Fund's adviser to be creditworthy.
RESTRICTED AND ILLIQUID SECURITIES. As a matter of investment policy, which may
be changed without shareholder approval, the Fund may invest up to 10% of its
total assets in restricted securities. This restriction is not applicable to
commercial paper issued under Section 4(2) of the
 5
Securities Act of 1933. Restricted securities are any securities in which the
Fund may otherwise invest pursuant to its investment objectives and policies,
but which are subject to restriction on resale under federal securities law. The
Fund will limit investments in illiquid securities, including certain restricted
securities not determined by the Board of Directors ("Directors") to be liquid,
non-negotiable time deposits, and repurchase agreements providing for settlement
in more than seven days after notice, to 15% of its net assets.
LENDING OF PORTFOLIO SECURITIES. In order to generate additional income, the
Fund may lend portfolio securities on a short-term or a long-term basis to
broker/dealers, banks, or other institutional borrowers of securities. The Fund
will only enter into loan arrangements with broker/dealers, banks, or other
institutions which the investment adviser has determined are creditworthy under
guidelines established by the Fund's Directors and will receive collateral in
the form of cash or U.S. government securities equal to at least 100% of the
value of the securities loaned.
There is the risk that when lending portfolio securities, the securities may not
be available to the Fund on a timely basis and the Fund may, therefore, lose the
opportunity to sell the securities at a desirable price. In addition, in the
event that a borrower of securities would file for bankruptcy or become
insolvent, disposition of the securities may be delayed pending court action.
WHEN-ISSUED AND DELAYED DELIVERY TRANSACTIONS. The Fund may purchase securities
on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis. These transactions are arrangements
in which the Fund purchases securities with payment and delivery scheduled for a
future time. The seller's failure to complete these transactions may cause the
Fund to miss a price or yield considered to be advantageous. Settlement dates
may be a month or more after entering into these transactions, and the market
values of the securities purchased may vary from the purchase prices.
Accordingly, the Fund may pay more/less than the market value of the securities
on the settlement date.
The Fund may dispose of a commitment prior to settlement if the adviser deems it
appropriate to do so. In addition, the Fund may enter into transactions to sell
its purchase commitments to third parties at current market values and
simultaneously acquire other commitments to purchase similar securities at later
dates. The Fund may realize short-term profits or losses upon the sale of such
commitments.
INVESTMENT LIMITATIONS
The Fund will not:
 - borrow money directly or through reverse repurchase agreements
 (arrangements in which the Fund sells a portfolio instrument for at least
 a percentage of its cash value with an agreement to buy it back on a set
 date) except, under certain circumstances, the Fund may borrow up to
 one-third of the value of its net assets;
 - invest more than 5% of its total assets in securities of one issuer
 (except U.S. government securities);
 - invest in more than 10% of the voting securities of one issuer;
 - invest in more than 10% of any class of securities of one issuer;
 6
 - invest more than 5% of its total assets in securities of issuers that have
 records of less than three years of continuous operations; or
 - invest more than 5% of its assets in warrants, except under certain
 circumstances.
FUND INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND
BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The Fund is managed by a Board of Directors. The Directors
are responsible for managing the Fund's business affairs and for exercising all
the Fund's powers except those reserved for the shareholders. An Executive
Committee of the Board of Directors handles the Board's responsibilities between
meetings of the Board.
INVESTMENT ADVISER. Investment decisions for the Fund are made by Federated
Management, the Fund's investment adviser, subject to direction by the
Directors. The adviser continually conducts investment research and supervision
for the Fund and is responsible for the purchase or sale of portfolio
instruments, for which it receives an annual fee from the Fund.
 ADVISORY FEES. The Fund's adviser receives an annual investment advisory fee
 equal to 0.55 of 1% of the Fund's average daily net assets, plus 4.5% of the
 Fund's annual gross income, excluding any capital gains or losses. Gross
 income includes interest accrued, including discount earned on U.S. Treasury
 bills and agency discount notes, interest received or receivable on all
 interest-bearing obligations, and dividend income. The adviser may
 voluntarily choose to waive a portion of its fee or reimburse the Fund for
 certain operating expenses. The adviser can terminate this voluntary waiver
 of its advisory fee at any time at its sole discretion. This does not
 include reimbursement to the Fund of any expenses incurred by shareholders
 who use the transfer agent's subaccounting facilities. The adviser has also
 undertaken to reimburse the Fund for operating expenses in excess of
 limitations established by certain states.
Both the Fund and the adviser have adopted strict codes of ethics governing the
conduct of all employees who manage the Fund and its portfolio securities. These
codes recognize that such persons owe a fiduciary duty to the Fund's
shareholders and must place the interests of shareholders ahead of the
employees' own interests. Among other things, the codes: require preclearance
and periodic reporting of personal securities transactions; prohibit personal
transactions in securities being purchased or sold, or being considered for
purchase or sale, by the Fund; prohibit purchasing securities in initial public
offerings; and prohibit taking profits on securities held for less than sixty
days. Violations of the codes are subject to review by the Directors and could
result in severe penalties.
 ADVISER'S BACKGROUND. Federated Management, a Delaware business trust
 organized on April 11, 1989, is a registered investment adviser under the
 Investment Advisers Act of 1940. It is a subsidiary of Federated Investors.
 All of the Class A (voting) shares of Federated Investors are owned by a
 trust, the trustees of which are John F. Donahue, Chairman and Trustee of
 Federated Investors, Mr. Donahue's wife, and Mr. Donahue's son, J.
 Christopher Donahue, who is President and Trustee of Federated Investors.
 7
 Federated Management and other subsidiaries of Federated Investors serve as
 investment advisers to a number of investment companies and private
 accounts. Certain other subsidiaries also provide administrative services to
 a number of investment companies. With over $72 billion invested across more
 than 260 funds under management and/or administration by its subsidiaries,
 as of December 31, 1994, Federated Investors is one of the largest mutual
 fund investment managers in the United States. With more than 1,750
 employees, Federated continues to be led by the management who founded the
 company in 1955. Federated funds are presently at work in and through 4,000
 financial institutions nationwide. More than 100,000 investment
 professionals have selected Federated funds for their clients.
 Joseph M. Balestrino has been the Fund's portfolio manager since October 1,
 1994. Mr. Balestrino joined Federated Investors in 1986 and has been a Vice
 President of the Fund's investment adviser since 1995. Mr. Balestrino was an
 Assistant Vice President of the investment adviser from 1991 until 1995 and
 served as an Investment Analyst of the investment adviser from 1989 until
 1991. Mr. Balestrino is a Chartered Financial Analyst and received his
 Master's Degree in Urban and Regional Planning from the University of
 Pittsburgh.
 Susan M. Nason has been the Fund's portfolio manager since March 1, 1995.
 Ms. Nason joined Federated Investors in 1987 and has been a Vice President
 of the Fund's investment adviser since 1993. Ms. Nason served as an
 Assistant Vice President of the investment adviser from 1990 until 1992. Ms.
 Nason is a Chartered Financial Analyst and received her M.B.A. in Finance
 from Carnegie Mellon University.
 Peter R. Anderson has been the Fund's portfolio manager since September,
 1995. Mr. Anderson joined Federated Investors in 1972 as, and is presently,
 a Senior Vice President of the Fund's investment adviser. Mr. Anderson is a
 Chartered Financial Analyst and received his M.B.A. in Finance from the
 University of Wisconsin.
 Timothy E. Keefe has been the Fund's portfolio manager since September,
 1995. Mr. Keefe joined Federated Investors in 1987 and has been an Assistant
 Vice President of the Fund's investment adviser since 1993. Mr. Keefe served
 as an Investment Analyst of the investment adviser from 1991 until 1993, and
 from 1987 until 1991, he acted as a Marketing Representative in the Broker
 Dealer Department. Mr. Keefe is a Chartered Financial Analyst and received
 his M.B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Pittsburgh.
DISTRIBUTION OF FUND SHARES
Federated Securities Corp. is the principal distributor for shares. Federated
Securities Corp. is located at Federated Investors Tower, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222-3779. It is a Pennsylvania corporation organized on November
14, 1969, and is the principal distributor for a number of investment companies.
Federated Securities Corp. is a subsidiary of Federated Investors.
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES. The Fund has entered into a Shareholder Services
Agreement with Federated Shareholder Services, a subsidiary of Federated
Investors, under which the Fund may make payments up to 0.25 of 1.00% of the
average daily net asset value of the Fund to obtain certain personal services
for shareholders and to maintain shareholder accounts. Under the Shareholder
Services Agreement, Federated Shareholder Services will either perform
shareholder services directly
 8
or will select financial institutions to perform shareholder services. From time
to time and for such periods as deemed appropriate, the amount stated above may
be reduced voluntarily. Under the Shareholder Services Agreement, Federated
Shareholder Services will either perform shareholder services directly or will
select financial institutions to perform shareholder services. Financial
institutions will receive fees based upon shares owned by their clients or
customers. The schedules of such fees and the basis upon which fees will be paid
will be determined from time to time by the Fund and Federated Shareholder
Services.
SUPPLEMENTAL PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. In addition to payments made
pursuant to the Shareholder Services Agreement, Federated Securities Corp. and
Federated Shareholder Services, from their own assets, may pay financial
institutions supplemental fees for the performance of substantial sales
services, distribution-related support services, or shareholder services. The
support may include sponsoring sales, educational and training seminars at
recreational-type facilities for their employees, providing sales literature and
engineering computer software programs that emphasize the attributes of the
Fund. Such assistance will be predicated upon the amount of shares the financial
institution sells or may sell, and/or upon the type and nature of sales or
marketing support furnished by the financial institution. Any payments made by
the distributor may be reimbursed by the Fund's adviser or its affiliates.
ADMINISTRATION OF THE FUND
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES. Federated Administrative Services, a subsidiary of
Federated Investors, provides administrative personnel and services (including
certain legal and financial reporting services) necessary to operate the Fund.
Federated Administrative Services provides these at an annual rate which relates
to the average aggregate daily net assets of all funds advised by subsidiaries
of Federated Investors ("Federated Funds") as specified below:
Table 5 Field C
<s>
The administrative fee received during any fiscal year shall be at least
$125,000 per portfolio and $30,000 per each additional class of shares.
Federated Administrative Services may choose voluntarily to waive a portion of
its fee.
CUSTODIAN. State Street Bank and Trust Company, ("State Street Bank") Boston,
Massachusetts is custodian for the securities and cash of the Fund.
TRANSFER AGENT AND DIVIDEND DISBURSING AGENT. Federated Services Company,
Boston, Massachusetts is transfer agent and dividend disbursing agent for the
Fund.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS. The independent auditors for the Fund are Deloitte &
Touche LLP, 2500 One PPG Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222-5401.
 9
BROKERAGE TRANSACTIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When selecting brokers and dealers to handle the purchase and sale of portfolio
instruments, the adviser looks for prompt execution of the order at a favorable
price. In working with dealers, the adviser will generally use those who are
recognized dealers in specific portfolio instruments, except when a better price
and execution of the order can be obtained elsewhere. In selecting among firms
believed to meet these criteria, the adviser may give consideration to those
firms which have sold or are selling shares of the Fund and other funds
distributed by Federated Securities Corp. The adviser makes decisions on
portfolio transactions and selects brokers and dealers subject to review by the
Directors.
NET ASSET VALUE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Fund's net asset value per share fluctuates. It is determined by dividing
the sum of the market value of all securities and other assets of the Fund, less
liabilities, by the number of shares outstanding.
INVESTING IN THE FUND
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHARE PURCHASES
Shares are sold on days on which the New York Stock Exchange is open. Shares may
be purchased either by wire or mail.
To purchase shares, open an account by calling Federated Securities Corp.
Information needed to establish the account will be taken over the telephone.
The Fund reserves the right to reject any purchase request.
BY WIRE. To purchase shares by Federal Reserve Wire, call the Fund to place an
order. The order is considered received immediately. Payment by federal funds
must be received before 3:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the next business day
following the order. Federal funds should be wired as follows: Federated
Services Company c/o State Street Bank and Trust Company, Boston, Massachusetts;
Attention: EDGEWIRE; For Credit to: Stock and Bond Fund, Inc.; Fund Number (this
number can be found on the account statement or by contacting the Fund); Group
Number or Order Number; Nominee or Institution Name; and ABA #011000028. Shares
cannot be purchased by wire on holidays when wire transfers are restricted.
Questions on wire purchases should be directed to your shareholder services
representative at the telephone number listed on your account statement.
BY MAIL. To purchase shares by mail, send a check made payable to Stock and
Bond Fund, Inc. to: Federated Services Company, P.O. Box 8600, Boston,
Massachusetts 02266-8600. Orders by mail are considered received after payment
by check is converted into federal funds. This is generally the next business
day after the check is received.
 10
MINIMUM INVESTMENT REQUIRED
The minimum initial investment in the Fund is $25,000 plus any non-affiliated
bank or broker's fee, if applicable. However, an account may be opened with a
smaller amount as long as the $25,000 minimum is reached within 90 days. An
institutional investor's minimum investment will be calculated by combining all
accounts it maintains with the Fund. Accounts established through a non-
affiliated bank or broker may be subject to a smaller minimum investment.
WHAT SHARES COST
Shares are sold at their net asset value next determined after an order is
received. There is no sales charge imposed by the Fund. Investors who purchase
shares through a non-affiliated bank or broker may be charged an additional
service fee by that bank or broker.
The net asset value is determined as of the close of trading (normally 4:00
p.m., Eastern time) on the New York Stock Exchange, Monday through Friday,
except on: (i) days on which there are not sufficient changes in the value of
the Fund's portfolio securities that its net asset value might be materially
affected; (ii) days during which no shares are tendered for redemption and no
orders to purchase shares are received; and (iii) the following holidays: New
Year's Day, Presidents' Day, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor
Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day.
SUBACCOUNTING SERVICES
Institutions are encouraged to open single master accounts. However, certain
institutions may wish to use the transfer agent's subaccounting system to
minimize their internal recordkeeping requirements. The transfer agent charges a
fee based on the level of subaccounting services rendered. Institutions holding
shares in a fiduciary, agency, custodial, or similar capacity may charge or pass
through subaccounting fees as part of or in addition to normal trust or agency
account fees. They may also charge fees for other services provided which may be
related to the ownership of shares. This prospectus should, therefore, be read
together with any agreement between the customer and the institution with regard
to the services provided, the fees charged for those services, and any
restrictions and limitations imposed. State securities laws may require certain
financial institutions such as depository institutions to register as dealers.
CERTIFICATES AND CONFIRMATIONS
As transfer agent for the Fund, Federated Services Company maintains a share
account for each shareholder. Share certificates are not issued unless requested
by contacting the transfer agent.
Detailed confirmations of each purchase or redemption are sent to each
shareholder. Quarterly confirmations are sent to report dividends paid during
that quarter.
DIVIDENDS
Dividends are declared and paid quarterly to all shareholders invested in the
Fund on the record date. Unless shareholders request cash payments by writing to
the Fund, dividends are automatically reinvested in additional shares on payment
dates at the ex-dividend date net asset value without a sales charge. All
shareholders on the record date are entitled to the dividend. If shares are
redeemed
 11
or exchanged prior to the record date or purchased after the record date, those
shares are not entitled to that quarter's dividend.
CAPITAL GAINS
Capital gains realized by the Fund, if any, will be distributed at least once
every twelve months.
RETIREMENT PLANS
Shares of the Fund can be purchased as an investment for retirement plans or for
IRA accounts. For further details, contact Federated Securities Corp., and
consult a tax adviser.
REDEEMING SHARES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Fund redeems shares at their net asset value next determined after the Fund
receives the redemption request. Redemptions will be made on days on which the
Fund computes its net asset value. Redemption requests must be received in
proper form and can be made by telephone request or by written request.
TELEPHONE REDEMPTION
Shareholders may redeem their shares by telephoning the Fund before 4:00 p.m.
(Eastern time). The proceeds will normally be wired the following business day,
but in no event more than seven days, to the shareholder's account at a domestic
commercial bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System. Proceeds from
redemption requests received on holidays when wire transfers are restricted will
be wired the following business day. Questions about telephone redemptions on
days when wire transfers are restricted should be directed to your shareholder
services representative at the telephone number listed on your account
statement. If at any time, the Fund shall determine it necessary to terminate or
modify this method of redemption, shareholders would be promptly notified.
An authorization form permitting the transfer agent or the Fund to accept
telephone requests must first be completed. Authorization forms and information
on this service are available from Federated Securities Corp. Telephone
redemption instructions may be recorded. If reasonable procedures are not
followed by the Fund, it may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or
fraudulent telephone instructions.
In the event of drastic economic or market changes, a shareholder may experience
difficulty in redeeming by telephone. If such a case should occur, another
method of redemption, such as "Written Requests," should be considered.
WRITTEN REQUESTS
Shares may also be redeemed by sending a written request to the Fund. Call the
Fund for specific instructions before redeeming by letter. The shareholder will
be asked to provide in the request his name, the Fund name, the account number,
and the share or dollar amount requested. If Share certificates have been
issued, they should be sent unendorsed with the written request by registered or
certified mail to: Federated Services Company, P.O. Box 8600, Boston,
Massachusetts 02266-8600.
 12
SIGNATURES. Shareholders requesting a redemption of any amount to be sent to an
address other than that on record with the Fund, or a redemption payable other
than to the shareholder of record must have signatures on written redemption
requests guaranteed by:
 - a trust company or commercial bank whose deposits are insured by the Bank
 Insurance Fund ("BIF"), which is administered by the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation ("FDIC");
 - a member of the New York, American, Boston, Midwest or Pacific Stock
 Exchanges;
 - a savings bank or savings and loan association whose deposits are insured
 by the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF"), which is administered
 by the FDIC; or
 - any other "eligible guarantor institution," as defined in the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The Fund does not accept signatures guaranteed by a notary public.
The Fund and its transfer agent have adopted standards for accepting signature
guarantees from the above institutions. The Fund may elect in the future to
limit eligible signature guarantors to institutions that are members of a
signature guarantee program. The Fund and its transfer agent reserve the right
to amend these standards at any time without notice.
Normally, a check for the proceeds is mailed within one business day, but in no
event more than seven days, after receipt of a proper written redemption
request.
ACCOUNTS WITH LOW BALANCES
Due to the high cost of maintaining accounts with low balances, the Fund may
redeem shares in any account and pay the proceeds to the shareholder if the
account balance falls below a required minimum value of $25,000 due to
shareholder redemptions. This requirement does not apply, however, if the
balance falls below $25,000 because of changes in the Fund's net asset value.
Before shares are redeemed to close an account, the shareholder is notified in
writing and allowed 30 days to purchase additional shares to meet the minimum
requirement.
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VOTING RIGHTS
Each share gives the shareholder one vote in Director elections and other
matters submitted to shareholders for vote. All shares of each portfolio or
class in the Fund have equal voting rights, except that only shares of that
particular portfolio or class are entitled to vote in matters affecting that
portfolio or class.
As a Maryland corporation, the Fund is not required to hold annual shareholder
meetings. Shareholder approval will be sought only for certain changes in the
Fund's operation and for the election of Directors under certain circumstances.
 13
Directors may be removed by the Directors or by shareholders at a special
meeting. A special meeting of shareholders shall be called by the Directors upon
the written request of shareholders owning at least 25% of the Fund's
outstanding shares entitled to vote.
TAX INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEDERAL INCOME TAX
The Fund will pay no federal income tax because it expects to meet requirements
of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, applicable to regulated investment
companies and to receive the special tax treatment afforded to such companies.
Unless otherwise exempt, shareholders are required to pay federal income tax on
any dividends and other distributions, including capital gains distributions,
received. This applies whether dividends and distributions are received in cash
or as additional shares. Distributions representing long-term capital gains, if
any, will be taxable to shareholders as long-term capital gains no matter how
long the shareholders have held the shares. No federal income tax is due on any
dividends earned in an IRA or qualified retirement plan until distributed.
STATE AND LOCAL TAXES
Fund shares are exempt from personal property taxes imposed by counties,
municipalities and school districts in Pennsylvania.
Shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the status of
their accounts under state and local tax laws.
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From time to time the Fund advertises the total return and yield for shares.
Total return represents the change, over a specific period of time, in the value
of an investment in shares after reinvesting all income and capital gain
distributions. It is calculated by dividing that change by the initial
investment and is expressed as a percentage.
The yield of the Fund is calculated by dividing the net investment income per
share (as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission) earned by shares
over a thirty-day period by the maximum offering price per share of shares on
the last day of the period. This number is then annualized using semi-annual
compounding. The yield does not necessarily reflect income actually earned by
shares and, therefore, may not correlate to the dividends or other distributions
paid to shareholders.
The Fund is sold without a sales charge or other similar non-recurring charges.
From time to time, advertisements for the Fund may refer to ratings, rankings,
and other information in certain financial publications and/or compare the
Fund's performance to certain indices.
 14
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS--CLASS C SHARES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(FOR A SHARE OUTSTANDING THROUGHOUT EACH PERIOD)
Reference is made to the Independent Auditors' Report on page 31.
Table 6 Field S
<c> <c>
* Computed on an annualized basis.
(a) Reflects operations for the period from November 1, 1993 to August 31, 1994
 (date share class ceased operations).
(b) Reflects operations for the period from April 19, 1993 (Start of
 performance) to October 31, 1993.
(c) Based on net asset value, which does not reflect the sales charge or
 contingent deferred sales charge, if applicable.
(d) This voluntary expense decrease is reflected in both the expense and net
 investment income ratios shown above.
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 15
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
PORTFOLIO OF INVESTMENTS
OCTOBER 31, 1995
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 7 Field C
<s> <c>
16
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 8 Field C
<s> <c>
17
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 9 Field C
<s> <c>
18
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 10 Field C
<s> <c>
19
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 11 Field C
<s> <c>
20
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 12 Field C
<s> <c>
21
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 13 Field C
<s> <c>
22
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 14 Field C
<s> <c>
(a) Non-income producing security.
(b) The repurchase agreement is fully collateralized by U.S. government and/or
 agency obligations based on market prices at the date of the portfolio. The
 investment in the repurchase agreement is through participation in a joint
 account with other Federated funds.
(c) The cost of investments for federal tax purposes amounts to $116,344,898.
 The net unrealized appreciation of investments on a federal tax basis
 amounts to $16,602,706 which is comprised of $17,394,200 appreciation and
 $791,494 depreciation at October 31, 1995.
Note: The categories of investments are shown as a percentage of net assets
 ($134,668,796) at October 31, 1995.
Table 15 Field S
<c>
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 23
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OCTOBER 31, 1995
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 16 Field S
<c> <c>
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 24
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1995
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 17 Field S
<c> <c> <c>
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 25
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 18 Field S
<c> <c>
(See Notes which are an integral part of the Financial Statements)
 26
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER 31, 1995
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) ORGANIZATION
Stock and Bond Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") is registered under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Act"), as a diversified, open-end,
no-load, management investment company. Previously, the Fund provided two
classes of shares ("Class A Shares" and "Class C Shares"). On May 19, 1994, the
Board of Directors ( the "Directors") authorized the combination of Class C
Shares with Class A Shares, the termination of all contracts entered into by the
Fund on behalf of Class C shares, and the amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation to reclassify Class A Shares and Class C Shares as unclassified
shares. In connection with these actions, as of August 31, 1994, the "Class C
Shares" were no longer offered.
(2) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The following is a summary of significant accounting policies consistently
followed by the Fund in the preparation of its financial statements. These
policies are in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
 INVESTMENT VALUATIONS--Short-term securities with remaining maturities of
 sixty days or less at the time of purchase may be valued at amortized cost,
 which approximates fair market value. All other securities are valued at
 prices provided by an independent pricing service.
 REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS--It is the policy of the Fund to require the custodian
 bank to take possession, to have legally segregated in the Federal Reserve
 Book Entry System, or to have segregated within the custodian bank's vault,
 all securities held as collateral under repurchase agreement transactions.
 Additionally, procedures have been established by the Fund to monitor, on a
 daily basis, the market value of each repurchase agreement's collateral to
 ensure that the value of collateral at least equals the repurchase price to
 be paid under the repurchase agreement transaction.
 The Fund will only enter into repurchase agreements with banks and other
 recognized financial institutions, such as broker/dealers, which are deemed
 by the Fund's adviser to be creditworthy pursuant to the guidelines and/or
 standards reviewed or established by the Board of Directors (the
 "Directors"). Risks may arise from the potential inability of counterparties
 to honor the terms of the repurchase agreement. Accordingly, the Fund could
 receive less than the repurchase price on the sale of collateral securities.
 INVESTMENT INCOME, EXPENSES AND DISTRIBUTIONS--Dividend income and
 distributions to shareholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. Interest
 income and expenses are accrued daily. Bond premium and discount, if
 applicable, are amortized as required by the Internal Revenue Code, as
 amended (the "Code").
 27
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FEDERAL TAXES--It is the Fund's policy to comply with the provisions of the
 Code applicable to regulated investment companies and to distribute to
 shareholders each year substantially all of its income. Accordingly, no
 provisions for federal tax are necessary.
 EQUALIZATION--The Fund follows the accounting practice known as
 equalization, in which a portion of the proceeds from sales and costs of
 redemptions of fund shares equivalent, on a per share basis, equal to the
 amount of undistributed net investment income on the date of the
 transaction, is credited or charged to undistributed net investment income.
 As a result, undistributed net investment income per share is unaffected by
 sales or redemptions of fund shares.
 WHEN-ISSUED AND DELAYED DELIVERY TRANSACTIONS--The Fund may engage in
 when-issued or delayed delivery transactions. The Fund records when-issued
 securities on the trade date and maintains security positions such that
 sufficient liquid assets will be available to make payment for the
 securities purchased. Securities purchased on a when-issued or delayed
 delivery basis are marked to market daily and begin earning interest on the
 settlement date.
 OTHER--Investment transactions are accounted for on the trade date.
(3) CAPITAL STOCK
At October 31, 1995, there were 2,000,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value capital
stock authorized : Transactions in capital stock were as follows:
Table 19 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c>
28
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 20 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c>
(4) INVESTMENT ADVISORY FEE AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES
 INVESTMENT ADVISORY FEE--Federated Management, the Fund's investment
 adviser, (the "Adviser"), receives for its services an annual investment
 advisory fee equal to (a) a maximum of .55 of 1% of the average daily net
 assets of the Fund, and (b) 4.5% of the gross income of the Fund, excluding
 capital gains or losses.
 The Adviser may voluntarily choose to waive any portion of its fee and/or
 reimburse certain operating expenses of the Fund. The Adviser can modify or
 terminate this voluntary waiver and/ or reimbursement at any time at its
 sole discretion.
 ADMINISTRATIVE FEE--Federated Administrative Services ("FAS"), under the
 Administrative Services Agreement, provides the Fund with administrative
 personnel and services. This fee is based on the level of average aggregate
 daily net assets of all funds advised by subsidiaries of Federated Investors
 for the period. The administrative fee received during the period of the
 Administrative Services Agreement shall be at least $125,000 per portfolio
 and $30,000 per each additional class of shares.
 SHAREHOLDER SERVICES FEE--Under the terms of a Shareholder Services
 Agreement with Federated Shareholder Services ("FSS"), the Fund will pay FSS
 up to .25 of 1% of daily average net assets of the Fund for the period. This
 fee is to obtain certain services for shareholders and to maintain
 shareholder accounts. FSS may voluntarily choose to waive a portion of its
 fee. FSS can modify or terminate this voluntary waiver at any time at its
 sole discretion.
 TRANSFER AGENT AND DIVIDEND DISBURSING AGENT FEES AND EXPENSES--Federated
 Services Company ("Fserv") serves as transfer and dividend disbursing agent
 for the Fund. The fee is based on the size, type, and number of accounts and
 transactions made by shareholders.
 29
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PORTFOLIO ACCOUNTING FEES--FServ maintains the Fund's accounting records for
 which it receives a fee. The fee is based on the level of the Fund's average
 daily net assets for the period, plus out-of-pocket expenses.
 GENERAL--Certain of the Officers and Trustees/Directors of the
 Trust/Corporation are Officers and Directors or Trustees of the above
 companies.
(5) INVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS
Purchases and sales of investments, excluding short-term securities, for the
period ended October 31, 1995, were as follows:
Table 21 Field S
<c>
30
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.:
We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities, including
the portfolio of investments, of Stock and Bond Fund, Inc. as of October 31,
1995, the related statement of operations for the year then ended, and the
statement of changes in net assets for the years October 31, 1995 and 1994, and
the financial highlights (see pages 2 and 15) for the periods presented. These
financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the
Fund's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial
highlights are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our procedures included confirmation of the securities owned as of
October 31, 1995, by correspondence with the custodian and broker. An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Stock and Bond Fund,
Inc. as of October 31, 1995, the results of its operations, the changes in its
net assets, and its financial highlights for the respective stated periods in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
December 15, 1995
 31
ADDRESSES
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 22 Field S
<c>
32
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
 PROSPECTUS
 An Open-End,
 Diversified Management
 Investment Company
 December 31, 1995
[FEDERATED SECURITIES CORP. LOGO]
 Distributor
 A subsidiary of FEDERATED INVESTORS
 FEDERATED INVESTORS TOWER
 PITTSBURGH, PA 15222-3779
 Cusip 86101A104
 8012905A-A (12/95) [RECYCLED PAPER LOGO]
 RECYCLED
 PAPER
 STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 This Statement of Additional Information should be read with the
 prospectus of Stock and Bond Fund, Inc., (the "Fund"), dated December 31,
 1995. This Statement is not a prospectus itself. You may request a copy
 of a prospectus or a paper copy of this Statement of Additional
 Information, if you have received it electronically, free of charge by
 calling 1-800-235-4669.
 FEDERATED INVESTORS TOWER
 PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15222-3779
 Statement dated December 31, 1995
FEDERATED SECURITIES CORP.
Distributor
A subsidiary of FEDERATED INVESTORS
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE FUND5
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES5
 TYPES OF INVESTMENTS 5
 OBLIGATIONS OF FOREIGN ISSUERS 5
 TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS 6
 MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS 6
 WHEN-ISSUED AND DELAYED DELIVERY
 TRANSACTIONS 6
 LENDING PORTFOLIO SECURITIES 7
 REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 7
 RESTRICTED AND ILLIQUID SECURITIES
 8
 PORTFOLIO TURNOVER 9
INVESTMENT LIMITATIONS 9
 SELLING SHORT AND BUYING ON
 MARGIN 9
 ISSUING SENIOR SECURITIES AND
 BORROWING MONEY 10
 DIVERSIFICATION OF INVESTMENTS10
 ACQUIRING SECURITIES 10
 INVESTING IN NEW ISSUERS 10
 SELLING SECURITIES 11
 INVESTING IN COMMODITIES,
 COMMODITY CONTRACTS, OR REAL
 ESTATE 11
 UNDERWRITING 11
 LENDING CASH OR SECURITIES 11
 CONCENTRATION OF INVESTMENTS 11
 INVESTING IN WARRANTS 11
 INVESTING IN ISSUERS WHOSE
 SECURITIES ARE OWNED BY OFFICERS
 AND DIRECTORS OF THE FUND 12
 INVESTING IN RESTRICTED
 SECURITIES 12
 INVESTING IN ILLIQUID SECURITIES
 12
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC. MANAGEMENT
 13
 FUND OWNERSHIP 21
 DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION 22
 DIRECTOR LIABILITY 23
INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES 24
 ADVISER TO THE FUND 24
 ADVISORY FEES 24
 STATE EXPENSE LIMITATIONS 24
BROKERAGE TRANSACTIONS 25
 OTHER RELATED SERVICES 26
OTHER SERVICES 26
 FUND ADMINISTRATION 26
 CUSTODIAN AND PORTOFOLIO
 RECORDKEEPER 27
 TRANSFER AGENT AND DIVIDEND
 DISBURSING AGENT 27
 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 27
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES AGREEMENT 28
PURCHASING SHARES 28
 CONVERSION TO FEDERAL FUNDS 28
DETERMINING NET ASSET VALUE 29
 DETERMINING MARKET VALUE OF
 SECURITIES 29
REDEEMING SHARES 29
 REDEMPTION IN KIND 30
TAX STATUS 30
 THE FUND'S TAX STATUS 30
 SHAREHOLDERS' TAX STATUS 31
 CAPITAL GAINS 31
TOTAL RETURN 31
YIELD 32
PERFORMANCE COMPARISONS 32
 DURATION 35
ABOUT FEDERATED INVESTORS 35
 MUTUAL FUND MARKET 36
 INSTITUTIONAL 36
 TRUST ORGANIZATIONS 37
 BROKER/DEALERS AND BANK
 BROKER/DEALER SUBSIDIARIES 37
APPENDIX 38
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE FUND
Stock and Bond Fund, Inc., ("the Fund") was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Maryland on October 31, 1934. The name of the Fund was Boston
Foundation Fund Incorporated prior to January 11, 1985 . On April 16, 1993,
the shareholders voted to permit the Fund to offer separate series and
classes of shares. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 1994, the Fund
offered Class A Shares and Class C Shares. On August 31, 1994, a
reorganization of the Fund was completed to eliminate the separate classes of
shares.
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The Fund's investment objectives are to provide relative safety of capital
with the possibility of long-term growth of capital and income. Consideration
is also given to current income. The investment objectives cannot be changed
without approval of shareholders.
As a matter of investment policy, under normal circumstances, the Fund will
invest at least 65% of its total assets in stocks and bonds.
TYPES OF INVESTMENTS
The Fund invests primarily in a diversified portfolio of common and preferred
stocks and other equity securities, bonds, notes, U.S. government securities,
repurchase agreements, short-term obligations and instruments secured by any
of these obligations.
OBLIGATIONS OF FOREIGN ISSUERS
Obligations of a foreign issuer may present greater risks than investments in
U.S. securities, including higher transaction costs as well as the imposition
of additional taxes by foreign governments. In addition, investments in
foreign issuers may include additional risks associated with less complete
financial information about the issuers, less market liquidity, and political
instability. Future political and economic developments, the possible
imposition of withholding taxes on interest income, the possible seizure or
nationalization of foreign holdings, the possible establishment of exchange
controls, or the adoption of other governmental restrictions might adversely
affect the payment of principal and interest on obligations of foreign
issuers. As a matter of practice, the Fund will not invest in the obligations
of a foreign issuer if any such risk appears to the Fund's adviser to be
substantial.
TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS
The Fund may also invest in temporary investments from time to time for
defensive purposes.
 MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS
 The Fund may invest in money market instruments such as:
 oinstruments of domestic and foreign banks and savings and loans if
 they have capital, surplus, and undivided profits of over
 $100,000,000, or if the principal amount of the instrument is
 federally insured; or
 ocommercial paper rated A-1 by Standard and Poor's Ratings Group,
 Prime-1 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or F-1 by Fitch Investors
 Service, Inc.
WHEN-ISSUED AND DELAYED DELIVERY TRANSACTIONS
The Fund engages in when-issued and delayed delivery transactions only for
the purpose of acquiring portfolio securities consistent with the Fund's
objectives and policies, not for investment leverage. These transactions are
made to secure what is considered to be an advantageous price or yield for
the Fund. Settlement dates may be a month or more after entering into these
transactions, and the market values of the securities purchased may vary from
the purchase prices. No fees or other expenses, other than normal transaction
costs, are incurred. However, liquid assets of the Fund sufficient to make
payment for the securities to be purchased are segregated on the Fund's
records at the trade date. These assets are marked to market daily and are
maintained until the transaction has been settled. As a matter of operating
policy, which may be changed without shareholder approval, the Fund does not
intend to engage in when-issued and delayed delivery transactions to an
extent that would cause the segregation of more than 20% of the total value
of its assets.
LENDING PORTFOLIO SECURITIES
The collateral received when the Fund lends portfolio securities must be
valued daily and, should the market value of the loaned securities increase,
the borrower must furnish additional collateral to the Fund. During the time
portfolio securities are on loan, the borrower pays the Fund any dividends or
interest paid on such securities. Loans are subject to termination at the
option of the Fund or the borrower. The Fund may pay reasonable
administrative and custodial fees in connection with a loan and may pay a
negotiated portion of the interest earned on the cash or equivalent
collateral to the borrower or placing broker. The Fund does not have the
right to vote securities on loan, but would terminate the loan and regain the
right to vote if that were considered important with respect to the
investment.
REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
The Fund may also enter into reverse repurchase agreements under certain
circumstances. This transaction is similar to borrowing cash. In a reverse
repurchase agreement, the Fund transfers possession of a portfolio instrument
to another person, such as a financial institution, broker, or dealer, in
return for a percentage of the instrument's market value in cash, and agrees
that on a stipulated date in the future, the Fund will repurchase the
portfolio instrument by remitting the original consideration plus interest at
an agreed upon rate. The use of reverse repurchase agreements may enable the
Fund to avoid selling portfolio instruments at a time when a sale may be
deemed to be disadvantageous, but the ability to enter into reverse
repurchase agreements does not ensure that the Fund will be able to avoid
selling portfolio instruments at a disadvantageous time.
When effecting reverse repurchase agreements, liquid assets of the Fund, in a
dollar amount sufficient to make payment for the obligations to be purchased,
are segregated at the trade date. These securities are marked to market daily
and are maintained until the transaction is settled.
RESTRICTED AND ILLIQUID SECURITIES
The Fund may invest in commercial paper issued in reliance on the exemption
from registration afforded by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.
Section 4(2) commercial paper is restricted as to disposition under federal
securities law and is generally sold to institutional investors, such as the
Fund, who agree that they are purchasing the paper for investment purposes
and not with a view to public distribution. Any resale by the purchaser must
be in an exempt transaction. Section 4(2) commercial paper is normally resold
to other institutional investors like the Fund through or with the assistance
of the issuer or investment dealers who make a market in Section 4(2)
commercial paper, thus providing liquidity.
The ability of the Board of Directors ("Directors") to determine the
liquidity of certain restricted securities is permitted under a Securities
and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Staff position set forth in the adopting
release for Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Rule"). The Rule
is a non-exclusive safe-harbor for certain secondary market transactions
involving securities subject to restrictions on resale under federal
securities laws. The Rule provides an exemption from registration for resales
of otherwise restricted securities to qualified institutional buyers. The
Rule was expected to further enhance the liquidity of the secondary market
for securities eligible for resale under the Rule. The Fund believes that the
Staff of the SEC has left the question of determining the liquidity of all
restricted securities to the Directors. The Directors may consider the
following criteria in determining the liquidity of certain restricted
securities:
 o the frequency of trades and quotes for the security;
 o the number of dealers willing to purchase or sell the security and the
 number of other potential buyers;
 o dealer undertakings to make a market in the security; and
 o the nature of the security and the nature of the marketplace trades.
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER
The Fund normally holds or disposes of portfolio securities in order to work
toward its investment objectives. Securities held by the Fund are selected
because they are considered to represent real value and will be held or
disposed of accordingly. The Fund's investment adviser will not generally
seek profits through short-term trading. The Fund will not attempt to set or
meet a portfolio turnover rate since any turnover would be incidental to
transactions undertaken in an attempt to achieve the Fund's investment
objectives. For the fiscal years ended October 31, 1995 and 1994, the
portfolio turnover rates were 68% and 45%, respectively.
INVESTMENT LIMITATIONS
 SELLING SHORT AND BUYING ON MARGIN
 The Fund will not sell any securities short or purchase any securities
 on margin.
 ISSUING SENIOR SECURITIES AND BORROWING MONEY
 The Fund will not issue senior securities, except as permitted by its
 investment objectives and policies, and except that the Fund may enter
 into reverse repurchase agreements and otherwise borrow up to one-third
 of the value of its net assets including the amount borrowed, as a
 temporary, extraordinary or emergency measure or to facilitate
 management of the portfolio by enabling the Fund to meet redemption
 requests when the liquidation of portfolio instruments would be
 inconvenient or disadvantageous. This practice is not for investment
 leverage. The Fund will not purchase any portfolio instruments while any
 borrowings (including reverse repurchase agreements) are outstanding.
 DIVERSIFICATION OF INVESTMENTS
 The Fund will not invest more than 5% of the value of its total assets
 in the securities of any one issuer, except U.S. government securities;
 invest in more than 10% of the voting securities of one issuer; or
 invest in more than 10% of any class of securities of one issuer.
 ACQUIRING SECURITIES
 The Fund will not invest in securities issued by any other investment
 company or investment trust except in regular open-market transactions
 or as part of a plan of merger or consolidation. It will not invest in
 securities of a company for the purpose of exercising control or
 management.
 INVESTING IN NEW ISSUERS
 The Fund will not invest more than 5% of the value of its total assets
 in securities of issuers which have records of less than three years of
 continuous operations.
 SELLING SECURITIES
 The Fund may not sell any security or evidence of interest therein
 unless it is owned by the Fund and available for delivery.
 INVESTING IN COMMODITIES, COMMODITY CONTRACTS, OR REAL ESTATE
 The Fund will not invest in commodities, commodity contracts, or real
 estate.
 UNDERWRITING
 The Fund will not engage in underwriting or agency distribution of
 securities issued by others.
 LENDING CASH OR SECURITIES
 The Fund will not lend any assets except portfolio securities. The
 purchase of corporate or government bonds, debentures, notes or other
 evidences of indebtedness shall not be considered a loan for purposes of
 this limitation.
 CONCENTRATION OF INVESTMENTS
 The Fund will not invest more than 25% of the value of its total assets
 in securities of companies in any one industry.
 INVESTING IN WARRANTS
 The Fund will not invest more than 5% of its assets in warrants,
 including those acquired in units or attached to other securities. To
 comply with certain state restrictions, the Fund will limit its
 investment in such warrants not listed on recognized stock exchanges to
 2% of its total assets. (If state restrictions change, this latter
 restriction may be revised without notice to shareholders.) For purposes
 of this investment restriction, warrants acquired by the Fund in units
 or attached to securities may be deemed to be without value.
The above limitations cannot be changed without shareholder approval. The
following limitations, however, may be changed by the Directors without
shareholder approval. Shareholders will be notified before any material
change in these limitations becomes effective.
 INVESTING IN ISSUERS WHOSE SECURITIES ARE OWNED BY OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
 OF THE FUND
 The Fund will not purchase or retain the securities of any issuer in
 which the officers and Directors of the Fund or its investment adviser
 own a substantial financial interest.
 INVESTING IN RESTRICTED SECURITIES
 The Fund will not invest more than 10% of its total assets in securities
 subject to restrictions on resale under the Securities Act of 1933,
 except for commercial paper issued under Section 4(2) of the Securities
 Act of 1933 and certain other restricted securities which meet the
 criteria for liquidity as established by the Directors. To comply with
 certain state restrictions, the Fund will limit these transactions to 5%
 of its total assets. (If state restrictions change, this latter
 restriction may be revised without shareholder approval or
 notification.)
 INVESTING IN ILLIQUID SECURITIES
 The Fund will not invest more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid
 securities, including repurchase agreements providing for settlement
 more than seven days after notice and certain restricted securities not
 determined by the Directors to be liquid. To comply with certain state
 restrictions, the Fund will limit these transactions to 10% of its net
 assets. (If state restrictions change, this latter restriction may be
 revised without shareholder approval or notification.)
If a percentage limitation is adhered to at the time of investment, a later
increase or decrease in percentage resulting from any change in value or net
assets will not result in a violation of such restriction.
The Fund did not borrow money or lend portfolio securities in excess of 5% of
the value of its net assets during the last fiscal year and has no present
intent to do so in the coming fiscal year.
In addition, to comply with certain state restrictions, the Fund will not
invest in oil, gas, or other mineral leases, nor will it invest in real
estate limited partnerships. If state restrictions change, these limitations
may be revised without notice to shareholders.
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC. MANAGEMENT
Officers and Directors are listed with their addresses, birthdates, present
positions with Stock and Bond Fund, Inc., and principal occupations.
John F. Donahue@*
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: July 28, 1924
Director and President
Chairman and Trustee, Federated Investors, Federated Advisers, Federated
Management, and Federated Research; Chairman and Director, Federated Research
Corp. and Federated Global Research Corp.; Chairman, Passport Research, Ltd.;
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of
the Funds. Mr. Donahue is the father of J. Christopher Donahue, Executive
Vice President of the Company .
Thomas G. Bigley
28th Floor, One Oxford Centre
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: February 3, 1934
Director
Director, Oberg Manufacturing Co.; Chairman of the Board, Children's Hospital
of Pittsburgh; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds;
formerly, Senior Partner, Ernst & Young LLP.
John T. Conroy, Jr.
Wood/IPC Commercial Department
John R. Wood and Associates, Inc., Realtors
3255 Tamiami Trail North
Naples, FL
Birthdate: June 23, 1937
Director
President, Investment Properties Corporation; Senior Vice-President, John R.
Wood and Associates, Inc., Realtors; President, Northgate Village Development
Corporation; Partner or Trustee in private real estate ventures in Southwest
Florida; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds;
formerly, President, Naples Property Management, Inc.
William J. Copeland
One PNC Plaza - 23rd Floor
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: July 4, 1918
Director
Director and Member of the Executive Committee, Michael Baker, Inc.;
Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds; formerly, Vice
Chairman and Director, PNC Bank, N.A., and PNC Bank Corp. and Director, Ryan
Homes, Inc.
 James E. Dowd
571 Hayward Mill Road
Concord, MA
Birthdate: May 18, 1922
Director
Attorney-at-law; Director, The Emerging Germany Fund, Inc.; Director,
Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds.
Lawrence D. Ellis, M.D.*
3471 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1111
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: October 11, 1932
Director
Professor of Medicine and Member, Board of Trustees, University of
Pittsburgh; Medical Director, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center -
Downtown; Member, Board of Directors, University of Pittsburgh Medical
Center; formerly, Hematologist, Oncologist, and Internist, Presbyterian and
Montefiore Hospitals; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the
Funds.
Edward L. Flaherty, Jr.@
Henny, Kochuba, Meyer and Flaherty
Two Gateway Center - Suite 674
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: June 18, 1924
Director
Attorney-at-law; Shareholder, Henny, Kochuba, Meyer and Flaherty; Director,
Eat'N Park Restaurants, Inc., and Statewide Settlement Agency, Inc.;
Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds; formerly,
Counsel, Horizon Financial, F.A., Western Region.
Peter E. Madden
Seacliff
562 Bellevue Avenue
Newport, RI
Birthdate: March 16, 1942
Director
Consultant; State Representative, Commonwealth of Massachusetts; Director,
Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds; formerly, President, State
Street Bank and Trust Company and State Street Boston Corporation.
Gregor F. Meyer
Henny, Kochuba, Meyer and Flaherty
Two Gateway Center - Suite 674
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: October 6, 1926
Director
Attorney-at-law; Shareholder, Henny, Kochuba, Meyer and Flaherty; Chairman,
Meritcare, Inc.; Director, Eat'N Park Restaurants, Inc.; Director, Trustee,
or Managing General Partner of the Funds.
John E. Murray, Jr., J.D., S.J.D.
President, Duquesne University
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: December 20, 1932
Director
President, Law Professor, Duquesne University; Consulting Partner, Mollica,
Murray and Hogue; Director, Trustee or Managing General Partner of the Funds.
Wesley W. Posvar
1202 Cathedral of Learning
University of Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: September 14, 1925
Director
Professor, International Politics and Management Consultant; Trustee,
Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, RAND Corporation, Online Computer
Library Center, Inc., and U.S. Space Foundation; Chairman, Czecho Management
Center; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds;
President Emeritus, University of Pittsburgh; founding Chairman, National
Advisory Council for Environmental Policy and Technology and Federal
Emergency Management Advisory Board.
Marjorie P. Smuts
4905 Bayard Street
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: June 21, 1935
Director
Public relations/marketing consultant; Conference Coordinator, Non-profit
entities; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner of the Funds.
J. Christopher Donahue
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: April 11, 1949
Executive Vice President
President and Trustee, Federated Investors, Federated Advisers, Federated
Management, and Federated Research; President and Director, Federated
Research Corp. and Federated Global Research Corp.; President, Passport
Research, Ltd.; Trustee, Federated Administrative Services, Federated
Services Company, and Federated Shareholder Services; President or Executive
Vice President of the Funds; Director, Trustee, or Managing General Partner
of some of the Funds. Mr. Donahue is the son of John F. Donahue, Director and
President of the Company.
Edward C. Gonzales
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: October 22, 1930
Executive Vice President
Vice Chairman, Treasurer, and Trustee, Federated Investors; Vice President,
Federated Advisers, Federated Management, Federated Research, Federated
Research Corp., Federated Global Research Corp. and Passport Research, Ltd.;
Executive Vice President and Director, Federated Securities Corp.; Trustee,
Federated Services Company; Chairman, Treasurer, and Trustee, Federated
Administrative Services; Trustee or Director of some of the Funds; President,
Executive Vice President and Treasurer of some of the Funds.
 John W. McGonigle
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: October 26, 1938
Executive Vice President and Secretary
Executive Vice President, Secretary, and Trustee, Federated Investors;
Trustee, Federated Advisers, Federated Management, and Federated Research;
Director, Federated Research Corp. and Federated Global Research Corp.;
Trustee, Federated Services Company; President and Trustee, Federated
Shareholder Services; Director, Federated Securities Corp.; Executive Vice
President and Secretary of the Funds.
Richard B. Fisher
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: May 17, 1923
Vice President
Executive Vice President and Trustee, Federated Investors; Chairman and
Director, Federated Securities Corp.; President or Vice President of some of
the Funds; Director or Trustee of some of the Funds.
David M. Taylor
Federated Investors Tower
Pittsburgh, PA
Birthdate: January 13, 1947
Treasurer
Senior Vice President and Trustee, Federated Investors; Vice President,
Federated Shareholder Services; Treasurer of some of the Funds.
* This Director is deemed to be an "interested person" as defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
@ Member of the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee of the Board of
Directors handles the responsibilities of the Board of Directors between
meetings of the Board.
As used in the table above, "The Funds" and "Funds" mean the following
investment companies: American Leaders Fund, Inc.; Annuity Management Series;
Arrow Funds; Automated Government Money Trust; Blanchard Funds; Blanchard
Precious Metals Fund, Inc.; Cash Trust Series II; Cash Trust Series, Inc.; DG
Investor Series; Edward D. Jones & Co. Daily Passport Cash Trust; Federated
ARMs Fund; Federated Equity Funds; Federated Exchange Fund, Ltd.; Federated
GNMA Trust; Federated Government Trust; Federated High Yield Trust; Federated
Income Securities Trust; Federated Income Trust; Federated Index Trust;
Federated Institutional Trust; Federated Master Trust; Federated Municipal
Trust; Federated Short-Term Municipal Trust; Federated Short-Term U.S.
Government Trust; Federated Stock Trust; Federated Tax-Free Trust; Federated
Total Return Series, Inc.; Federated U.S. Government Bond Fund; Federated
U.S. Government Securities Fund: 1-3 Years; Federated U.S. Government
Securities Fund: 3-5 Years; Federated U.S. Government Securities Fund: 5-10
Years; First Priority Funds; Fixed Income Securities, Inc.; Fortress
Adjustable Rate U.S. Government Fund, Inc.; Fortress Municipal Income Fund,
Inc.; Fortress Utility Fund, Inc.; Fund for U.S. Government Securities, Inc.;
Government Income Securities, Inc.; High Yield Cash Trust; Insurance
Management Series; Intermediate Municipal Trust; International Series, Inc.;
Investment Series Funds, Inc.; Investment Series Trust; Liberty Equity Income
Fund, Inc.; Liberty High Income Bond Fund, Inc.; Liberty Municipal Securities
Fund, Inc.; Liberty U.S. Government Money Market Trust; Liberty Term Trust,
Inc. - 1999; Liberty Utility Fund, Inc.; Liquid Cash Trust; Managed Series
Trust; Money Market Management, Inc.; Money Market Obligations Trust; Money
Market Trust; Municipal Securities Income Trust; Newpoint Funds; 111 Corcoran
Funds; Peachtree Funds; The Planters Funds; RIMCO Monument Funds; Star Funds;
The Starburst Funds; The Starburst Funds II; Stock and Bond Fund, Inc.;
Targeted Duration Trust; Tax-Free Instruments Trust; Trust for Financial
Institutions; Trust For Government Cash Reserves; Trust for Short-Term U.S.
Government Securities; Trust for U.S. Treasury Obligations; The Virtus Funds;
World Investment Series, Inc.
FUND OWNERSHIP
Officers and Directors own less than 1% of the Fund's outstanding shares.
As of December 4, 1995, the following shareholder of record owned 5% or more
of the outstanding shares of the Fund: Alltel Corp Thrift Plan, Nations Bank,
Trustee, San Francisco, California, owned approximately 942,187 shares
(11.98%).
DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION
 AGGREGATE
NAME, COMPENSATION
POSITION WITH FROM TOTAL COMPENSATION PAID
CORPORATION CORPORATION * FROM FUND COMPLEX +
John F. Donahue $ 0 $ 0 for the Fund
Director and President 68 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Thomas G. Bigley $ 956 $ 20,688 for the Fund
Director 49 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
John T. Conroy, Jr. $ 1,236 $ 117,202 for the Fund
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
William J. Copeland $ 1,236 $ 117,202 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companie in the
Fund Complex
James E. Dowd $ 1,236 $ 117,202 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Lawrence D. Ellis, M.D. $ 1,125 $ 106,460 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Edward L. Flaherty, Jr. $ 1,236 $ 117,202 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Peter E. Madden $ 956 $ 90,563 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Gregor F. Meyer $ 1,125 $ 106,460 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
John E. Murray, Jr. $ 674 $ 0 for the Fund and
Director 69 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Wesley W. Posvar $ 1,125 $ 106,460 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
Marjorie P. Smuts $ 1,125 $ 106,460 for the Fund and
Director 64 other investment companies in the
Fund Complex
* Information is furnished for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1995.
+ The information is provided for the last calendar year.
DIRECTOR LIABILITY
The Corporation's Articles of Incorporation provide that the Directors will
not be liable for errors of judgment or mistakes of fact or law. However,
they are not protected against any liability to which they would otherwise be
subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or
reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of their office.
INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES
ADVISER TO THE FUND
The Fund's investment adviser is Federated Management. It is a subsidiary of
Federated Investors. All the voting securities of Federated Investors are
owned by a trust, the trustees of which are John F. Donahue, his wife, and
his son, J. Christopher Donahue.
The adviser shall not be liable to the Fund or any shareholder for any losses
that may be sustained in the purchase, holding, or sale of any security or
for anything done or omitted by it, except acts or omissions involving
willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of
the duties imposed upon it by its contract with the Fund.
ADVISORY FEES
For its advisory services, Federated Management receives an annual investment
advisory fee as described in the prospectus. During the fiscal years ended
October 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993, the Fund's adviser earned $979,379,
$945,715, and $834,842, respectively, of which $215,192, $98,828, and
$222,090, respectively, was voluntarily waived because of undertakings to
limit the Fund's expenses. All advisory fees were computed on the same basis
as described in the prospectus.
 STATE EXPENSE LIMITATIONS
 The adviser has undertaken to comply with the expense limitations
 established by certain states for investment companies whose shares are
 registered for sale in those states. If the Fund's normal operating
 expenses (including the investment advisory fee, but not including
 brokerage commissions, interest, taxes and extraordinary expenses)
 exceed 2 1/2% per year of the first $30 million of average net assets,
 2% per year of the next $70 million of average net assets, and 1 1/2%
 per year of the remaining average net assets, the adviser will reimburse
 the Fund for its expenses over the limitation.
 If the Fund's monthly projected operating expenses exceed this
 limitation, the investment advisory fee paid will be reduced by the
 amount of the excess, subject to an annual adjustment. If the expense
 limitation is exceeded, the amount to be reimbursed by the adviser will
 be limited, in any single fiscal year, by the amount of the investment
 advisory fee. This arrangement is not part of the advisory contract and
 may be amended or rescinded in the future.
BROKERAGE TRANSACTIONS
The adviser may select brokers and dealers who offer brokerage and research
services. These services may be furnished directly to the Fund or to the
adviser and may include: advice as to the advisability of investing in
securities; security analysis and reports; economic studies; industry
studies; receipt of quotations for portfolio evaluations; and similar
services. Research services provided by brokers and dealers may be used by
the adviser or its affiliates in advising the Fund and other accounts. To the
extent that receipt of these services may supplant services for which the
adviser or its affiliates might otherwise have paid, it would tend to reduce
their expenses. The adviser and its affiliates exercise reasonable business
judgment in selecting brokers who offer brokerage and research services to
execute securities transactions. They determine in good faith that
commissions charged by such persons are reasonable in relationship to the
value of the brokerage and research services provided.
During the fiscal years ended October 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993, the Fund paid
total brokerage commissions of $84,056, $41,256, and $69,262, respectively.
As of October 31, 1995, the Fund owned $952,733 of securities of Travelers
Inc. (Smith Barney) and $931,021 of securities of Dean Witter, two of its
regular brokers that derive more than 15% of gross revenues from securities-
related activities.
Although investment decisions for the Fund are made independently from those
of the other accounts managed by the adviser, investments of the type the
Fund may make may also be made by those other accounts. When the Fund and one
or more other accounts managed by the adviser are prepared to invest in, or
desire to dispose of, the same security, available investments or
opportunities for sales will be allocated in a manner believed by the adviser
to be equitable to each. In some cases, this procedure may adversely affect
the price paid or received by the Fund or the size of the position obtained
or disposed of by the Fund. In other cases, however, it is believed that
coordination and the ability to participate in volume transactions will be to
the benefit of the Fund.
OTHER RELATED SERVICES
Affiliates of the adviser may, from time to time, provide certain electronic
equipment and software to institutional customers in order to facilitate the
purchase of shares of funds offered by Federated Securities Corp.
OTHER SERVICES
FUND ADMINISTRATION
Federated Administrative Services, a subsidiary of Federated Investors,
provides administrative personnel and services to the Fund for a fee as
described in the prospectus. Prior to March 1, 1994, Federated
Administrative Services Inc., also a subsidiary of Federated Investors,
served as the Fund's administrator. (For purposes of this Statement of
Additional Information, Federated Administrative Services and Federated
Administrative Services, Inc., may hereinafter collectively be referred to as
the "Administrators".) For the fiscal year ended October 31, 1995, Federated
Administrative Services earned $125,000. For the fiscal year ended October
31, 1994, the Administrators collectively earned $207,503. For the fiscal
year ended October 31, 1993, Federated Administrative Services, Inc. earned
$291,137. Dr. Henry J. Gailliot, an officer of Federated Management, the
adviser to the Fund, holds approximately 20%, of the outstanding common
stock and serves as a director of Commercial Data Services, Inc., a company
which provides computer processing services to Federated Administrative
Services.
CUSTODIAN AND PORTOFOLIO RECORDKEEPER
State Street Bank and Trust Company, ("State Street Bank") Boston,
Massachusetts is custodian for the securities and cash of the Fund. It also
provides certain accounting and recordkeeping services with respect to the
Fund's portfolio investments.
TRANSFER AGENT AND DIVIDEND DISBURSING AGENT
As transfer agent, Federated Services Company, maintains all necessary
shareholder records. For its services, the transfer agent receives a fee
based on the size, type, and number of accounts and transactions made by
shareholders.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The independent auditors for the Fund are Deloitte & Touche LLP, 2500 One PPG
Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222-5014.
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES AGREEMENT
This arrangement permits the payment of fees to Federated Shareholder
Services and to financial institutions to cause services to be provided to
shareholders by a representative who has knowledge of the shareholder's
particular circumstances and goals. These activities and services may
include, but are not limited to: providing office space, equipment, telephone
facilities, and various clerical, supervisory, computer, and other personnel
as necessary or beneficial to establish and maintain shareholder accounts and
records; processing purchase and redemption transactions and automatic
investments of client account cash balances; answering routine client
inquiries; and assisting clients in changing dividend options, account
designations, and addresses. By adopting the Shareholder Services Agreement,
the Directors expect that the Fund will benefit by (1) providing personal
services to the shareholders; (2) investing shareholder assets with a minimum
of delay and administrative detail; (3) enhancing shareholder recordkeeping
systems; and (4) responding promptly to shareholder's requests and inquiries
concerning their accounts. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 1995, the
Fund paid shareholder services fees in the amount of $320,244 of which
$178,558 was waived, all of which were paid to financial institutions.
PURCHASING SHARES
Shares are sold at their net asset value without a sales charge on days the
New York Stock Exchange is open for business. The procedure for purchasing
shares is explained in the respective prospectus under "Investing in the
Fund."
CONVERSION TO FEDERAL FUNDS
The Fund's transfer agent acts as the shareholder's agent in depositing
checks and converting them to federal funds.
DETERMINING NET ASSET VALUE
Net asset value generally changes each day. The days on which net asset value
is calculated by the Fund are described in the prospectus.
DETERMINING MARKET VALUE OF SECURITIES
Market values of the Fund's portfolio securities are determined as follows:
 o for equity securities, according to the last sale price on a national
 securities exchange, if available;
 o in the absence of recorded sales for equity securities, according to the
 mean between the last closing bid and asked prices;
 o for bonds and other fixed income securities, at the last sale price on a
 national securities exchange if available, otherwise as determined by an
 independent pricing service;
 o for short-term obligations, according to the mean between the bid and
 asked prices as furnished by an independent pricing service; or
 o for all other securities, at fair value as determined in good faith by
 the Directors.
Prices provided by independent pricing services may be determined without
relying exclusively on quoted prices and may reflect institutional trading in
similar groups of securities, yield, quality, coupon rate, maturity, type of
issue, trading characteristics and other market data.
REDEEMING SHARES
The Fund redeems shares at the next computed net asset value after the Fund
receives the redemption request. Redemption procedures and any fees are
explained in the prospectus under "Redeeming Shares." Although the Fund's
transfer agent does not charge for telephone redemptions, it reserves the
right to charge a fee for the cost of wire-transferred redemptions of less
than $5,000.
REDEMPTION IN KIND
The Fund is obligated to redeem shares solely in cash up to $250,000 or 1% of
the Fund's net asset value, whichever is less, for any one shareholder within
a 90-day period. Any redemption beyond this amount will also be in cash
unless the Directors determine that payments should be in kind. In such a
case, the Fund will pay all or a portion of the remainder of the redemption
in portfolio instruments, valued in the same way that net asset value is
determined. The portfolio instruments will be selected in a manner that the
Directors deem fair and equitable. Redemption in kind is not as liquid as a
cash redemption. If redemption is made in kind, shareholders receiving their
securities and selling them before their maturity could receive less than the
redemption value of their securities and could incur transaction costs.
TAX STATUS
THE FUND'S TAX STATUS
The Fund will pay no federal income tax because it expects to meet the
requirements of Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended,
applicable to regulated investment companies and to receive the special tax
treatment afforded to such companies. To qualify for this treatment, the Fund
must, among other requirements:
 o derive at least 90% of its gross income from dividends, interest, and
 gains from the sale of securities;
 o derive less than 30% of its gross income from the sale of securities
 held less than three months;
 o invest in securities within certain statutory limits; and
 o distribute to its shareholders at least 90% of its net income earned
 during the year.
SHAREHOLDERS' TAX STATUS
Shareholders are subject to federal income tax on dividends and capital gains
received as cash or additional shares. The dividends received deduction for
corporations will apply to ordinary income distributions to the extent the
distribution represents amounts that would qualify for the dividends received
deduction to the Fund if the Fund were a regular corporation and to the
extent designated by the Fund as so qualifying. These dividends and any
short-term capital gains are taxable as ordinary income.
 CAPITAL GAINS
 Long-term capital gains distributed to shareholders will be treated as
 long-term capital gains regardless of how long shareholders have held
 the shares.
TOTAL RETURN
The Fund's average annual total returns for the one-year, five-year, and ten-
year periods ended October 31, 1995, were 17.99%, 11.99% and 9.90%,
respectively.
Average annual total return is the average compounded rate of return for a
given period that would equate a $1,000 initial investment to the ending
redeemable value of that investment. The ending redeemable value is computed
by multiplying the number of shares owned at the end of the period by the
maximum offering price per share at the end of the period. The number of
shares owned at the end of the period is based on the number of shares
purchased at the beginning of the period with $1,000, adjusted over the
period by any additional shares, assuming the quarterly reinvestment of all
dividends and distributions.
YIELD
The Fund's SEC yield for the thirty-day period ended October 31, 1995, was
3.64%.
The yield for the Fund is determined by dividing the net investment income
per share (as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission) earned by
the Fund over a thirty-day period by the maximum offering price per share of
the Fund on the last day of the period. This value is then annualized using
semi-annual compounding. This means that the amount of income generated
during the thirty-day period is assumed to be generated each month over a
twelve-month period and is reinvested every six months. The yield does not
necessarily reflect income actually earned by the Fund because of certain
adjustments required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and,
therefore, may not correlate to the dividends or other distributions paid to
shareholders. To the extent that financial institutions and broker/dealers
charge fees in connection with services provided in conjunction with an
investment in the Fund, performance will be reduced for those shareholders
paying those fees.
PERFORMANCE COMPARISONS
The Fund's performance depends upon such variables as:
 o portfolio quality;
 o average portfolio maturity;
 o type of instruments in which the portfolio is invested;
 o changes in interest rates and market value of portfolio securities;
 o changes in the Fund's expenses; and
 o various other factors.
The Fund's performance fluctuates on a daily basis largely because net
earnings and offering price per share fluctuate daily. Both net earnings and
offering price per share are factors in the computation of yield and total
return.
Investors may use financial publications and/or indices to obtain a more
complete view of the Fund's performance. When comparing performance,
investors should consider all relevant factors such as the composition of any
index used, prevailing market conditions, portfolio compositions of other
funds, and methods used to value portfolio securities and compute offering
price. The financial publications and/or indices which the Fund uses in
advertising may include:
 STANDARD & POOR'S RATING GROUP DAILY STOCK PRICE INDEX OF 500 COMMON
 STOCKS is a composite index of common stocks in industry,
 transportation, and financial and public utility companies, and
 compares total returns of funds whose portfolios are invested
 primarily in common stocks. In addition, the index assumes
 reinvestment of all dividends paid by stocks listed on its index.
 Taxes due on any of these distributions are not included nor are
 brokerage or other fees calculated in these figures.
 SALOMON BROTHERS AAA-AA CORPORATES calculates total returns of
 approximately 775 issues, which include long-term, high-grade domestic
 corporate taxable bonds, rated AAA-AA, with maturities of twelve years
 or more. It also includes companies in industry, public utilities, and
 finance.
 LIPPER ANALYTICAL SERVICES, INC., ranks funds in various categories by
 making comparative calculations using total return. Total return
 assumes the reinvestment of all capital gains distributions and income
 dividends and takes into account any change in net asset value over a
 specific period of time. From time to time, the Fund will quote its
 Lipper ranking in advertising and sales literature.
 LEHMAN BROTHERS GOVERNMENT/CORPORATE (TOTAL) is comprised of
 approximately 5,000 issues which include non-convertible bonds publicly
 issued by the U.S. government or its agencies; corporate bonds
 guaranteed by the U.S. government and quasi-federal corporations; and
 publicly issued, fixed rate, non-convertible domestic bonds of
 companies in industry, public utilities, and finance. The average
 maturity of these bonds approximates nine years. Tracked by Lehman
 Brothers, Inc., the index calculates total returns for one-month,
 three-month, twelve-month, and ten-year periods and year-to-date.
 S&P 500/LEHMAN BROTHERS GOVERNMENT/CORPORATE (WEIGHTED INDEX) AND THE
 S&P 500/ LEHMAN BROTHERS GOVERNMENT (WEIGHTED INDEX) combine the
 components of a stock-oriented index and a bond-oriented index to
 obtain results which can be compared to the performance of a managed
 fund. The indices' total returns will be assigned various weights
 depending upon the Fund's current asset allocation.
 MORNINGSTAR, INC., an independent rating service, is the publisher of
 the bi-weekly Mutual Fund Values. Mutual Fund Values rates more than
 1,000 NASDAQ-listed mutual funds of all types, according to their
 risk-adjusted returns. The maximum rating is five stars, and ratings
 are effective for two weeks.
Investors may also consult the fund evaluation consulting universe listed
below. Consulting universes may be composed of pension, profit-sharing,
commingled, endowment/foundation and mutual funds.
 SEI BALANCED UNIVERSE is composed of 916 portfolios managed by 390
 managers representing $86 billion in assets. To be included in the
 universe, a portfolio must contain a 5% minimum commitment in both
 equity and fixed income securities.
Advertisements and other sales literature for the Fund may quote total
returns which are calculated on non-standardized base periods. These total
returns also represent the historic change in the value of an investment in
the Fund based on quarterly reinvestment of dividends over a specified period
of time.
DURATION
Duration is a commonly used measure of the potential volatility in the price
of a bond, other fixed income security, or in a portfolio of fixed income
securities, prior to maturity. Volatility is the magnitude of the change in
the price of a bond relative to a given change in the market rate of
interest. A bond's price volatility depends on three primary variables: the
bond's coupon rate; maturity date; and the level of market yields of similar
fixed-income securities. Generally, bonds with lower coupons or longer
maturities will be more volatile than bonds with higher coupons or shorter
maturities. Duration combines these variables into a single measure.
Duration is calculated by dividing the sum of the time-weighted values of the
cash flows of a bond or bonds, including interest and principal payments, by
the sum of the present values of the cash flows.
When the Fund invests in mortgage pass-through securities, its duration will
be calculated in a manner which requires assumptions to be made regarding
future capital prepayments. A more complete description of this calculation
is available upon request from the Fund.
ABOUT FEDERATED INVESTORS
Federated Investors is dedicated to meeting investor needs which is reflected
in its investment decision making-structured, straightforward, and
consistent. This has resulted in a history of competitive performance with a
range of competitive investment products that have gained the confidence of
thousands of clients and their customers.
The company's disciplined security selection process is firmly rooted in
sound methodologies backed by fundamental and technical research. Investment
decisions are made and executed by teams of portfolio managers, analysts, and
traders dedicated to specific market sectors.
In the equity sector, Federated Investors has more than 25 years' experience.
As of December 31, 1994, Federated Investors managed 15 equity funds totaling
approximately $4 billion in assets across growth, value, equity income,
international, index and sector (i.e. utility) styles. Federated Investors'
value-oriented management style combines quantitative and qualitative
analysis and features a structured, computer-assisted composite modeling
system that was developed in the 1970s.
J. Thomas Madden, Executive Vice President, oversees Federated Investors'
equity and high yield corporate bond management while William D. Dawson,
Executive Vice President, oversees Federated Investors' domestic fixed income
management. Henry A. Frantzen, Executive Vice President, oversees the
management of Federated Investors' international portfolios.
MUTUAL FUND MARKET
Twenty-seven percent of American households are pursuing their financial
goals through mutual funds. These investors, as well as businesses and
institutions, have entrusted over $2 trillion to the more than 5,500 funds
available.*
Federated Investors, through its subsidiaries, distributes mutual funds for a
variety of investment applications. Specific markets include:
 INSTITUTIONAL
 Federated Investors meets the needs of more than 4,000 institutional
clients nationwide by managing and servicing separate accounts and
mutual funds for a variety of applications, including defined benefit and
 defined contribution programs, cash management, and asset/liability
management. Institutional clients include corporations, pension
funds, tax-exempt entities, foundations/endowments, insurance companies,
 and investment and financial advisors. The marketing effort to these
institutional clients is headed by John B. Fisher, President,
Institutional Sales Division.
 TRUST ORGANIZATIONS
 Other institutional clients include close relationships with more than
1,500 banks and trust organizations. Virtually all of the trust divisions
of the top 100 bank holding companies use Federated funds in their
 clients' portfolios. The marketing effort to trust clients is headed
by Mark R. Gensheimer, Executive Vice President, Bank Marketing & Sales.
 BROKER/DEALERS AND BANK BROKER/DEALER SUBSIDIARIES
 Federated funds are available to consumers through major brokerage firms
nationwide--including 200 New York Stock Exchange firms--supported by
more wholesalers than any other mutual fund distributor. The marketing
effort to these firms is headed by James F. Getz, President, Broker/Dealer
Division.
*source: Investment Company Institute
APPENDIX
STANDARD AND POOR'S RATINGS GROUP CORPORATE BOND RATINGS
AAA--Debt rated AAA has the highest rating assigned by Standard & Poor's
Ratings Group ("S&P"). Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is
extremely strong.
AA--Debt rated AA has a very strong capacity to pay interest and repay
principal and differs from the higher rated issues only in small degree.
A--Debt rated A has a strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal
although it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than debt in higher rated categories.
BBB--Debt rated BBB is regarded as having an adequate capacity to pay
interest and repay principal. Whereas it normally exhibits adequate
protection parameters, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances
are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity to pay interest and repay
principal for debt in this category than in higher rated categories.
NR--NR indicates that no public rating has been requested, that there is
insufficient information on which to base a rating, or that S&P does not rate
a particular type of obligation as a matter of policy.
MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC., CORPORATE BOND RATINGS
AAA--Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best quality. They
carry the smallest degree of investment risk and are generally referred to as
"gilt edged." Interest payments are protected by a large or by an
exceptionally stable margin and principal is secure. While the various
protective elements are likely to change, such changes as can be visualized
are most unlikely to impair the fundamentally strong position of such issues.
AA--Bonds which are rated Aa are judged to be of high quality by all
standards. Together with the Aaa group, they comprise what are generally
known as high-grade bonds. They are rated lower than the best bonds because
margins of protection may not be as large as in Aaa securities or fluctuation
of protective elements may be of greater amplitude or there may be other
elements present which make the long-term risks appear somewhat larger than
in Aaa securities.
A--Bonds which are rated A possess many favorable investment attributes and
are to be considered as upper medium grade obligations. Factors giving
security to principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may
be present which suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the
future.
BAA--Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations,
(i.e., they are neither highly protected nor poorly secured). Interest
payments and principal security appear adequate for the present but certain
protective elements may be lacking or may be characteristically unreliable
over any great length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding investment
characteristics and, in fact, have speculative characteristics as well.
NR--Not rated by Moody's.
Moody's applies numerical modifiers, 1, 2, and 3 in each generic rating
classification from Aa through B in corporate bond rating system. The
modifier 1 indicates that the security ranks in the higher end of its generic
ranking category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the
modifier 3 indicates that the issue ranks in the lower end of its generic
rating category.
FITCH INVESTORS SERVICE, INC., LONG-TERM DEBT RATINGS
AAA--Bonds considered to be investment grade and of the highest credit
quality. The obligor has an exceptionally strong ability to pay interest and
repay principal, which is unlikely to be affected by reasonably foreseeable
events.
AA--Bonds considered to be investment grade and of very high credit quality.
The obligor's ability to pay interest and repay principal is very strong,
although not quite as strong as bonds rated AAA. Because bonds rated in the
AAA and AA categories are not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable future
developments, short-term debt of these issuers is generally rated F-1+.
A--Bonds considered to be investment grade and of high credit quality. The
obligor's ability to pay interest and repay principal is considered to be
strong, but may be more vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions
and circumstances than bonds with higher ratings.
BBB--Bonds considered to be investment grade and of satisfactory credit
quality. The obligor's ability to pay interest and repay principal is
considered to be adequate. Adverse changes in economic conditions and
circumstances, however, are more likely to have adverse impact on these bonds
and, therefore, impair timely payment. The likelihood that the ratings of
these bonds will fall below investment grade is higher than bonds with higher
ratings.
NR--NR indicates that Fitch does not rate the specific issue.
PLUS (+) OR MINUS (-): Plus and minus signs are used with a rating symbol to
indicate the relative position of a credit within the rating category. Plus
and minus signs, however, are not used in the AAA category.
STANDARD AND POOR'S RATINGS GROUP COMMERCIAL PAPER RATINGS
A-1--This designation indicates that the degree of safety regarding timely
payment is strong. Those issues determined to possess extremely strong safety
characteristics are denoted with a plus (+) sign designation.
A-2--Capacity for timely payment on issues with this designation is
satisfactory. However, the relative degree of safety is not as high as for
issues designated A-1.
MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC., COMMERCIAL PAPER RATINGS
PRIME-1- Issuers rated Prime-1 (or related supporting institutions) have a
superior capacity for repayment of short-term promissory obligations. Prime-
1 repayment capacity will normally be evidenced by the following
characteristics:
 o Leading market positions in well established industries.
 o High rates of return on funds employed.
 o Conservative capitalization structure with moderate reliance on debt and
 ample asset protection.
 o Broad margins in earning coverage of fixed financial charges and high
 internal cash generation.
 o Well-established access to a range of financial markets and assured
 sources of alternate liquidity.
PRIME-2- Issuers rated Prime-2 (or related supporting institutions) have a
strong capacity for repayment of short- term promissory obligations. This
will normally be evidenced by many of the characteristics cited above, but to
a lesser degree. Earnings trends and coverage ratios, while sound, will be
more subject to variation. Capitalization characteristics, while still
appropriate, may be more affected by external conditions. Ample alternate
liquidity is maintained.
FITCH INVESTORS SERVICE, INC., SHORT-TERM RATINGS
F-1+ --(Exceptionally Strong Credit Quality). Issues assigned this rating are
regarded as having the strongest degree of assurance for timely payment.
F-1--(Very Strong Credit Quality). Issues assigned this rating reflect an
assurance of timely payment only slightly less in degree than issues rated F-
1+.
F-2--(Good Credit Quality). Issues carrying this rating have a satisfactory
degree of assurance for timely payment, but the margin of safety is not as
great as the F-1+ and F-1 categories.
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1995
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 The fiscal year ended October 31, 1995 was very positive for high
 quality fixed income securities. For much of calendar year 1995, the
 majority of economic releases seemed to point toward a slowing economy
 coupled with consistent declines in inflation. As a result, after peaking
 in yield levels during November 1994, all maturity points experienced
 significant yield declines for the remainder of the fiscal year. As
 reference points, the 2-year, 5-year, and 30-year Treasury securities
Cusip 86101A104
8012905B (12/95)
 decreased in yield for the entire fiscal year by 130, 177, and 173 basis
 points, respectively.
 Starting early in the fiscal year, fund management significantly
 increased the allocation to investment grade corporate securities while
 decreasing the Treasury allocation and relatively maintaining the mortgage
 allocation. Specifically, corporates were increased from approximately 5%
 to 25%-30%. In retrospect, the corporate emphasis served to enhance overall
 returns as the yield spread advantage over Treasuries tightened
 (outperformed) for most of the fiscal year. With the economy exhibiting
 slower growth characteristics which could lead to a weaker corporate
 environment, the fund is reversing its allocation away from corporate
 securities and back toward government securities.
 From a duration perspective, the bond portion moved to a slightly
 defensive position in late May 1995, decreasing duration from approximately
 5.0 years to 4.25 years. No significant duration changes have occurred
 since that time nor are any anticipated in the near future.
 In the fiscal year ended October 31, 1995, the U.S. stock market
 advanced strongly, with the S&P 500 Index recording a total return of
 26.4%. This compares to a modest 3.9% for the 12 months ended October 31,
 1994. Total return for Stock and Bond Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") in the latest
 fiscal year was 17.99% vs. 19.8% for the average Lipper Balanced Fund
 (Lipper Analytical Services, Inc.). This ranked the Fund 105 out of 216
 Lipper Balanced Funds, or in the 48th percentile for the year. The Fund's
 five year ranking as of October 31, 1995 was 47 out of 60 funds. The Fund's
 ten year ranking as of September 30, 1995 was 29 out of 30 funds.
 Recent market strength was concentrated in large capitalization stocks
 which substantially influence results of the S&P 500 Index. In contrast,
 the Russell 2000, a popular benchmark for small cap stocks had a total
 return of only 16.2% for the year ended October 31, 1995.
 Market strength over the past year has been importantly related to
 declining interest rates and continuing strong growth in corporate profits.
 The 30 year U.S. Treasury bond yield has declined from 8.1% to roughly
 6.2%. Aggregate corporate earnings for U.S. companies have shown 12-15%
 gains in the past three quarters vs. 1994. The consensus forecast at this
 time is for a rather benign inflation and interest rate environment and
 moderate real growth in U.S. economic activity, perhaps at the 2.0-2.5%
 level (annual rate). This backdrop and the substantial rise in the stock
 market over the past year dictates increased selectivity in stock selection
 at this time.
 The best performing sector over the past year has been Technology,
 although many stocks in this area have experienced corrections over the
 past few months. We reduced our weighting in Technology a few months ago,
 but remain modestly overweight relative to the S&P 500, given the excellent
 long-term outlook. The Finance sector has also performed well over the past
 year and the Fund continues to have a significant exposure to this group.
 As part of our portfolio management process in determining relative
 sector weightings, we also attempt to identify underlying investment
 themes. Some companies fit more than one theme. At this time, the major
 themes in the Fund's portfolio are as follows:
 (1) Beneficiaries of corporate "restructuring" such as AT&T, ITT and
 CIGNA.
 (2) Industry consolidation; Lockheed Martin in the aerospace/defense
 industry, and First Interstate in banking are examples.
 (3) Companies which generate significant excess cash flow such as
 Philip Morris and FMC.
 (4) Dominant companies with superior management; General Electric,
 Citicorp and Philip Morris fit this description.
 (5) The Technology revolution; major "plays" include Hewlett Packard,
 IBM, and General Motors, Class "E" (EDS).
 While some market observers express concern with overvaluation in the
 current market, we believe good long-term values can be identified by our
 disciplined process and careful fundamental research. An important part of
 our process is our emphasis on controlling risk through diversification and
 attention to valuation of individual stocks.
STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 GROWTH OF $25,000 INVESTED IN STOCK AND BOND FUND, INC.
 The graph below illustrates the hypothetical investment of $25,000 in the
Stock and Bond Fund, Inc. (the "Fund") from October 31, 1985 to October 31, 1995
compared to the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (S&P 500)+, the Lehman Brothers
Government/Corporate Bond Index (LBGCBI)+ and the Lipper Balanced Funds Average
(LBFA).++
EDGAR REPRESENTATION OF DATA POINTS USED IN PRINTED GRAPHIC
 See Appendix A1
Table 23 Field S
<c> <c> <c> <c>
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN FOR THE PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1995
Table 24 Field S
<c>
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT PREDICTIVE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE. YOUR INVESTMENT RETURN
AND PRINCIPAL VALUE WILL FLUCTUATE SO WHEN SHARES ARE REDEEMED, THEY MAY BE
WORTH MORE OR LESS THAN ORIGINAL COST. MUTUAL FUNDS ARE NOT OBLIGATIONS OF OR
GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK AND ARE NOT FEDERALLY INSURED.
THIS REPORT MUST BE PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY THE FUND'S PROSPECTUS DATED
DECEMBER 31, 1995, AND, TOGETHER WITH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN,
CONSTITUTES THE FUND'S ANNUAL REPORT.
 *The Fund's performance assumes the reinvestment of all dividends and
 distributions. The S&P 500 and the LBGCBI have been adjusted to reflect
 reinvestment of dividends on securities in the indices.
 +The S&P 500 and the LBGCBI are not adjusted to reflect sales charges,
 expenses, or other fees that the SEC requires to be reflected in the Fund's
 performance. The indices are unmanaged.
++The LBFA represents the average of the total returns reported by all of the
 mutual funds designated by Lipper Analytical Services, Inc. as falling into
 the category, and is not adjusted to reflect any sales charges. However, these
 total returns are reported net of expenses or other fees that the SEC requires
 to be reflected in a fund's performance.
[FEDERATED LOGO] FEDERATED SECURITIES CORP.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distributor [RECYCLED LOGO]
Cusip 86101A104 RECYCLED
G01454-01 (12/95) PAPER
 APPENDIX
 A1. The graphic
presentation here displayed consists of a line graph titled "Growth of $25,000
Invested in Stock and Bond Fund, Inc." The corresponding components of the
line graph are listed underneath. The Stock and Bond Fund (the "Fund") is
represented by a solid line. The Standard and Poor's 500 Index (the "S&P
500") is represented by a broken line. The Lehman Brothers
Government/Corporate Bond Index (the "LBGCBI") is represented by a dashed
line. The Lipper Balanced Funds Average (the "LBFA") ") is represented by a
dotted line. The line graph is a visual representation of a comparison of
change in value of a hypothetical $25,000 investment in the Fund and the S&P
500, LBGCBI and LBFA. The "x" axis reflects computation periods from October
31, 1985 to October 31, 1995. The "y" axis reflects the cost of the
investment, ranging from $0 to $125,000. The right margin reflects the ending
value of the hypothetical investment in the Fund as compared to the S&P 500,
LBGCBI and LBFA. The ending values are $64,235, $105,046, $64,201 and
$75,869, respectively.