Exhibit 10.1 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is dated as of January 2, 2023, between Comera Life Sciences
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and permitted assigns, a “ Purchaser ” and collectively, the
“ Purchasers ”). WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained
in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS
 1.1 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: “ Action ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 3.1(j). “ Affiliate ” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
 “ Board of Directors ” means the board of directors of the Company. 
 “ Business Combination Agreement ” means the business combination agreement, dated as of January 31, 2022, among the
Company, OTR Acquisition Corp., CLS Sub Merger 1 Corp., CLS Sub Merger 2 Corp. and Comera Life Sciences, Inc., as amended. 
 “ Business Day ” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided , however , for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to “stay at home”, “shelter-in-place”, “non-essential employee” or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.
 “ Closing ” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 “ Closing Date ” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the
applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers’ obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company’s obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.
 “ Commission ” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   1
“ Common Stock ” means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per
share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. “ Common Stock
Equivalents ” means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other
instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 “ Common Warrant Shares ” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants. 
 “ Common Warrants ” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable on the Closing Date and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 “ Disclosure Schedules ” means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith. 
 “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 “ FCPA ” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 “ GAAP ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 
 “ Indebtedness ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(z). 
 “ Legend Removal Date ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 
 “ Liens ” means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other
restriction. “ Material Adverse Effect ” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 
 “ Material Permits ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n). 
 “ Per Share Purchase Price ” equals $1.23, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date. 
 “ Per Warrant Purchase Price ” equals $0.125 per one share of Common Stock underlying the Warrant. 
 “ Person ” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture,
limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 “ Proceeding ” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal
investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 
   2
“ Purchaser Party ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 5.19. “ Registration Rights Agreement ” means the Registration Rights Agreement, to be dated on or about the
Closing Date, among the Company and the Purchasers, substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. “ Registration
Statement ” means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares. 
 “ Required Approvals ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 
 “ Rule 144 ” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 “ Rule 424 ” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule 
 “ SEC Reports ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 
 “ Securities ” means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares. 
 “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 “ Shares ” means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. 
 “ Short Sales ” means all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). “ Subscription Amount ” means, as to each
Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds. “ Subsidiary ” means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where
applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company’s subsidiaries (excluding dormant subsidiaries) are Comera Life Sciences, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and OTR Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation. “ Trading Day ” means a day on which the
principal Trading Market is open for trading. “ Trading Market ” means any of the following markets or exchanges on which
the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the
foregoing). 
   3
“ Transaction Documents ” means this Agreement, the Warrants, the
Registration Rights Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 
 “ Transfer Agent ” means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, and
any successor transfer agent of the Company. “ Warrants ” means the Common Warrants. 
 “ Warrant Shares ” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 
 ARTICLE II. PURCHASE
AND SALE 2.1 Closing . On the Closing Date, which date shall be January 3, 2022, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3.56 million of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire
transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares
and a Warrant, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in
Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely via the electronic exchange of all closing deliverables, or as the parties shall otherwise mutually agree. 
 2.2 Deliveries . 
 (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 
 (ii) a legal opinion of outside counsel to the Company, addressed to the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Purchasers; (iii) a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver,
on an expedited basis, a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal to (i) such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount less (x) the Per Warrant Purchase Price multiplied by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the
Warrants to which such Purchaser is entitled hereunder, divided by (ii) the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser, or, at the election of such Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of such Purchaser’s Shares
hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser; 
 (iv) a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 200% of
such Purchaser’s Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.23, subject to adjustment as set forth therein; 
   4
(v) the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Company’s
wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer; and (vi)
the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company. (b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall
deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following: (i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; 
 (ii) such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company
specified in writing by the Company; and (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser. 
 2.3 Closing Conditions . 
 (a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or
Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been performed; and (iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this
Agreement. (b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the
following conditions being met: (i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
accurate as of such date); (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or
prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; (iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in
Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; (iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company
since the date hereof; and 
   5
(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock
shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Company’s principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by the Company’s principal Trading Market shall not have
been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York
State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing. 
 ARTICLE III. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company . Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and in the Disclosure Schedules, which
Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to each Purchaser: (a) Subsidiaries . All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set
forth in the definition of the term “Subsidiary” contained in this Agreement. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the
Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 
 (b) Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise
organized, validly existing and in good standing (if the concept of good standing exists in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the
legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “ Material Adverse
Effect ”) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 
 (c) Authorization; Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction 
   6
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company’s stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 
 (d) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any
Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction
of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in
the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) Filings, Consents and Approvals . The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization, approval,
vote or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person, including any stockholder or the Board of Directors, in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time
and manner required thereby and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the “ Required Approvals ”). 
 (f) Issuance of the Securities . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and arising under
applicable securities laws. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer
provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. 
   7
(g) Capitalization . The capitalization of the Company as of the date
hereof comprises 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 4,305 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock (“ Series A Preferred
Stock ”) and 995,695 are undesignated shares of preferred stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has 19,859,221 shares of Common Stock outstanding, 3,150,000 of which are being held in escrow pursuant to
 the earn-out provision relating to the Business Combination Agreement (the “ Earn-Out Shares ”), and 4,305 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
outstanding, convertible into 342,754 shares of Common Stock. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the
Company’s stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plans, pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act and pursuant to the terms of that certain Purchase Agreement dated as of August 31, 2022 is made by and between Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd.  and the
Company. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the
Securities and as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any
Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of
Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise,
conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except for the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common
Stock, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any
Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The sale of the Shares and Common Warrants at Closing will not give rise to any redemption or similar right to any holder of the Company’s securities,
including Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of such Series A Preferred Stock. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or “phantom stock” plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s stockholders. 
   8
(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements . The Company has filed all
reports, schedules, forms, statements, registration statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
(2) years immediately preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the “ SEC Reports ”). As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any filing that has been amended or superseded, the date of such amendment or superseding filing), the SEC
Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any financial statements that have
been amended or superseded, the date of such amended or superseding financial statements), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules
and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (“ GAAP ”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present
in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. (i) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed or furnished prior to the date hereof,
(i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than
(A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in
filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans and as may be
issued and sold pursuant to this Agreement. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability,
fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made. (j) Litigation . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry,
notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or
administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an “ Action ”), which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to 
   9
result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the
knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 (k) Labor Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the
employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee’s relationship with the
Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of
the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (l) Compliance . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event
has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that
it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in
violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign,
federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. (m) Environmental Laws . The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with
all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, “ Hazardous Materials ”) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters,
orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (“ Environmental Laws ”); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to
conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
   10
(n) Regulatory Permits . The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all
certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such
permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“ Material Permits ”), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any Material Permit. (o) Title to Assets . Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (or its
Subsidiaries) have indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest. Any real property and facilities held under
lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the
Company and its Subsidiaries. (p) Intellectual Property . The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate
rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any,
necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of
trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made
or brought against, or to the Company’s knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding any material trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks,
service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 
 (q) Insurance . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be
able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (r) Transactions with Affiliates and Employees . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or
directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of
money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and
(iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company. 
   11
(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls . The Company and the
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management’s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. The Company’s certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end
of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the “ Evaluation Date ”). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of
the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 (t) Private Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’ representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market. (u) Investment Company . The Company is not required to be registered as,
and, immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be required to be registered as, an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in
a manner so that it will not become required to be registered as an “investment company” subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 (v) Registration Rights . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any
Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
   12
(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements . The Common Stock is
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange
Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
electronic transfer. (x) Application of Takeover Protections . The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all
necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover 
provision under the Company’s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company’s issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers’ ownership of the Securities. 
 (y) No Integrated Offering; No Other Arrangements . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers’ representations and
warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act. The
Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Purchaser with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents or in any written agreement regarding the
confidentiality and use of confidential information. (z) Indebtedness; Insolvency . Except as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) has any outstanding Indebtedness (as defined below) that is material to the Company, and (ii) is in violation of any term of or is in default under any contract, agreement or instrument
relating to any Indebtedness, except where such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement: (x) “ Indebtedness ” of any Person means,
without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of
business), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so
evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with
respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all
monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness
referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance
upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and 
   13
contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent
Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above; and (y) “ Contingent Obligation ” means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or
otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the
obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Company’s
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Company’s existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature and (ii) the current cash flow of the Company,
together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of
any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date
hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. 
 (aa) Tax Status . Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any
jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except for taxes, if any, as are
being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been established by the Company and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods
to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such
claim. (bb) No General Solicitation . Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered
or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other “accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501 under
the Securities Act. (cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of
the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to
foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose
fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 
   14
(dd) Accountants; No Disagreements with Advisors . The Company’s
accounting firm is Baker Tilly US, LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the
financial statements to be included in the Company’s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between
the Company and its advisors formerly or presently employed by the Company, which would reasonably be expected to affect the Company’s ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and the Company is current
(within 90 days) with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers. (ee) Acknowledgment Regarding
Purchasers’ Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers’ purchase of the
Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company’s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by the Company and its representatives. (ff) Regulation M Compliance. The Company and its Affiliates have
not, and to the Company’s knowledge no other Person acting on its or their behalf has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company,
including under Regulation M of the Exchange Act. (gg) Stock Option Plans . Each stock option granted by the Company
under the Company’s stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Company’s stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such
stock option would be considered granted under applicable law. No stock option granted under the Company’s stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects. (hh) Cybersecurity . (i)(x) To the Company’s knowledge, there has been no security breach or other
compromise of or relating to any of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any
third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, “ IT Systems and Data ”) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or
condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all
judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the 
   15
privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity,
continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with customary industry standards and practices. 
 (ii) Office of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any
director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (“ OFAC ”). 
 (jj) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation . The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (kk) Bank Holding
Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “ BHCA ”) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the “ Federal Reserve ”). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or
policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. (ll) Money
Laundering . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the “ Money Laundering Laws ”), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 
 (mm) No Disqualification Events . With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506
under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the
Company’s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an
“ Issuer Covered Person ” and, together, “ Issuer Covered Persons ”) is subject to any of the “Bad Actor” disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a
“ Disqualification Event ”), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The
Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. 
   16
(nn) Other Covered Persons . The Company is not aware of any person
(other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities. 
 (oo) Notice of Disqualification Events . The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of
(i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person. 
 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers . Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date): 
 (a) Organization; Authority . Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly
executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 
 (b) Own Account . Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are “restricted securities” and have not been
registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or
understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser’s right
to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 
 (c) Purchaser Status . At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is,
and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act. (d) Experience of Such Purchaser . Such Purchaser, either alone or together with
its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and
risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
   17
(e) General Solicitation . Such Purchaser is not purchasing the
Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general
solicitation or general advertisement. (f) Access to Information . Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the
opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from,
representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of
operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort
or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. (g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality . Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly
executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing
the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle
whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such
Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchaser’s representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the
confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 
 (h) Short Sales . No Purchaser, directly or indirectly, and no Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any
understanding with any Purchaser, has engaged in any purchases or sales in the securities, including derivatives, of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (a “ Transaction ”) involving any of the Company’s
securities) since the time that such Purchaser was first provided details by the Company of the proposed investment opportunity in the Company contemplated by this Agreement. Such Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on its
behalf or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser will engage, directly or indirectly, in any Transactions in the securities of the Company (including Short Sales) prior to the time the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
publicly disclosed. “ Short Sales ” include, without limitation, all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO 
   18
under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, derivatives and similar arrangements (including on a
total return basis), and sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker-dealers or foreign regulated brokers. 
 (i) No Governmental Review . Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other
government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the
offering of the Securities. (j) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of this
Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Purchaser or (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Purchaser
is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (k) Restricted Securities . Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are characterized as “restricted
securities” under the U.S. federal securities laws because they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without
registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. (l) Legends . It is understood that,
except as provided in Section 4.1 of this Agreement, certificates evidencing such Securities may bear the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) until such time as the same is no longer required under applicable requirements of the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws, or is otherwise removed in accordance with Section 4.1(c) herein. (m) No
Legal, Tax or Investment Advice . Such Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax
or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 
 (n) Residency . Such Purchaser’s residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with
respect to the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below such Purchaser’s name on its signature page hereto. 
 (o) Beneficial Ownership . As of the date hereof, Purchaser has not formed or joined in a third party “group”
(as such term is used in the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) with respect to such Company securities. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1(g), and the consummation of
the Transactions on the terms contemplated hereby (including the acquisition by Purchaser of Shares and Common Warrants pursuant to this Agreement), Purchaser does not, as of the date hereof, intend to, alone or together with others, make a public
filing on Schedule 13D (or Schedule 13G) 
   19
with the SEC to disclose that it has (or that it together with any other Persons have), as a result of the issuance to Purchaser of the Shares and Common Warrants at the Closing, beneficial
ownership in excess of 19.999% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company on a post transaction basis that assumes that the Closing shall have occurred (it being understood that increases to Purchaser’s
beneficial ownership subsequent to the Closing, including as a result of any Warrant exercises permitted by the Transaction Documents, may require Purchaser to file or amend a Schedule 13D (or Schedule 13G or other required disclosure) reporting
beneficial ownership in excess of 19.999%). ARTICLE IV. 
 OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
 4.1 Transfer Restrictions. 
 (a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any
transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof
to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not
require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the
rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. (b) The Purchasers agree
to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially the following form: 
 THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE
UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such
arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchaser’s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured
party of Securities 
   20
may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the
preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) thereunder. (c) Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares and held by non-Affiliates of the Company shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the
resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) or (iii) if such Shares and Warrant Shares are
eligible for sale under Rule 144 or if such legend is otherwise not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall
cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant Shares or if such Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule
144 as to such Shares or Warrant Shares or if such, or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then
such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a
restrictive legend, together with customary representation letters duly executed by such Purchaser (such date, the “ Legend Removal Date ”), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate (or book entry with the
Transfer Agent) representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in
this Section 4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchaser’s prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System
as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, “ Standard Settlement Period ” means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company’s primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend. 
 (d) Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell
any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, they
will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the
Company’s reliance upon this understanding. 
   21
4.2 Furnishing of Information . In order to enable the Purchaser to sell the
Securities under Rule 144 (as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144), the Company covenants to use its commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (without giving effect to any extensions of time that may be available therefor under
Rule 12b-25 under the Securities Act or successor thereto) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act, so long as the Company remains subject to such
requirements to enable Purchaser to resell the Securities pursuant to Rule 144. If the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and make publicly available in accordance with
Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers to sell the Securities under Rule 144. 4.3 Integration . The Company
shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require
shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 
 4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity . The Company shall (a) on the Closing Date, or if Closing shall have occurred subsequent
to 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on the Closing Date, on the Trading Day immediately following the Closing Date, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including copies of the Transaction Documents (or the forms thereof) as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the
Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser,
or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall
promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) the Registration Statement and (ii) the filing of
final Transaction Documents (or disclosure with respect thereto) with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior
notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b). 4.5 Non-Public Information .
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which material terms and conditions and material non-public information shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of
such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the
extent 
   22
that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material,
 non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchaser’s consent in contravention of this Section 4.5, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of
confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant
to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 
 4.6 Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities at Closing hereunder for working capital
and general corporate purposes and shall not use such Closing proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s Indebtedness (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and
prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Company securities, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations or other applicable laws. 
 4.7 Reservation of Common Stock . As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants. 
 4.8 Listing of Common Stock . The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the
Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the
Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will
take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and
trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use reasonable best
efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust
Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 4.9 Equal Treatment of
Purchasers . No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the
Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 
   23
4.10 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality . Each Purchaser, severally and not
jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Company’s securities during
the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in
Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules. 
 4.11 Form D; Blue Sky Filings . The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D
and to provide a copy thereof promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the
Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or “Blue Sky” laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser. 
 4.12 Acknowledgment of Dilution . The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and
Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against
any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company. 
 4.13 Exercise Procedures . The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of
the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The
Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 
 ARTICLE V. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 5.1
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser (as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers), by written notice to
the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated by the seventh (7 th ) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement; provided that no such termination will affect the right of any
party to sue for any breach by the other party (or parties). 5.2 Fees and Expenses . Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of
its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes
and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers (excluding any successors or assigns thereof). 
   24
5.3 Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and
schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 5.4 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or email at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or
communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such
notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. 5.5 Amendments; Waivers . No provision of
this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 66-2/3% in interest of
the Shares based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any
amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 66-2/3% in interest (based on the initial Subscription Amounts
hereunder) of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in
the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent
of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 
 5.6 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 5.7 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger or similar change in control
transaction). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Affiliate or to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable
Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the “Purchasers.” 
 5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 
   25
5.9 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof that would result in the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other
Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such
Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding
to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 5.19, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the
 non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding. 
 5.10 Execution . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by electronic signature (including via DocuSign), facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” (or similar) format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such electronic, facsimile or “.pdf” (or similar) signature page were an original thereof. 
 5.11 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall
use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be
the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 5.12 Rescission and Withdrawal Right . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar
provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option owed to such Purchaser by the Company under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within
the periods therein provided, then, prior to the performance by the Company of the Company’s related obligation, such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant
notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights. 
   26
5.13 Replacement of Securities . If any certificate or instrument evidencing any
Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 5.14 Remedies . In addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation
the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 5.15 Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the Company makes a payment or
payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as
if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 5.16 Independent Nature of Purchasers’
Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or
thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other
Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is
expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and
among the Purchasers. 5.17 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the
expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
   27
5.18 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective
counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the
interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 5.19
 Survival; Indemnification; Third Party Beneficiaries . All agreements, representations, and warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing. Subject to the provisions of this
Section 5.19, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a “ Purchaser
Party ”) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of
investigation (collectively, “ Losses ”) that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in
this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such
Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Party’s representations, warranties or covenants under the
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized
by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any
material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only
to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Party’s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction
Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 5.19 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements
contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. Any Losses for which any Person is entitled to
indemnification under this Section 5.19 shall be determined without duplication of recovery by reason of the state of facts giving rise to such Losses constituting a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or
 
   28
agreement in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. No Person shall be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement for any Losses arising from a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement set forth herein or in the other Transaction Documents to the extent such Losses were already indemnified pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (for example, if damages were paid
to a Person pursuant to the Buy-In and the Liquidated Damages provisions in the Warrants in connection with a failure to timely deliver the Warrant Shares, only the amount of any Losses in excess of such other
remedied damages would be indemnifiable hereunder). This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by,
any other Person, except the Purchaser Parties are intended third party beneficiaries of the provisions of this Section 5.19. 
 5.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER
PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
   29
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 COMERA LIFE SCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 
    
 Address for Notice: 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
    
 Email: 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/ Michael Campbell 
 
 
   
 Name: Michael Campbell 
 
 
   
 Title: EVP and CFO 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
    
 
 
 Foley Hoag LLP 
    
 
 
 155 Seaport Boulevard 
    
 
 
 Boston, MA 02210 
    
 
 
 Attn: Stacie S. Aarestad and Ryan M. Rourke Reed 
    
 
 
 Email: saarestad@foleyhoag.com and rrourkereed@foleyhoag.com 
    
 
 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Charles Cherington 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
   
 /s/ Charles Cherington 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 Charles Cherington 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
 1,099,999.64 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
 743,243 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 1,486,486 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. SOANE FAMILY TRUST 
 By : /s/ David Soane 
 Name: David Soane Title:
 Co-Trustee Subscription Amount: $99,999.16 
   
 
 
 Shares: 
     67,567 
 Common Warrants: to purchase 135,135 shares of Common Stock 
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or X 19.99% 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: THE
ALEXANDER V. SOANE 2019 IRREVOCABLE TRUST By: /s/ Zoya Soane 
 Name: Zoya Soane Title:
 Co-Trustee Subscription Amount: $99,999.16 
   
 
 
 Shares: 
     67,567 
 Common Warrants: to purchase 135,135 shares of Common Stock 
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or X 19.99% 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: THE NICHOLAS V. OANE 2019 IRREVOCABLE TRUST
 By: /s/ Zoya Soane 
 Name: Zoya Soane Title:
 Co-Trustee Subscription Amount: $99,999.16 
   
 
 
 Shares: 
     67,567 
 Common Warrants: to purchase 135,135 shares of Common Stock 
 Beneficial wnership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or X 19.99% 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: Address for Notice: 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Denny Family Partners II LLC 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
   
 /s/ George Denny 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 George Denny 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
 299,998.96 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
 202,702 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 405,404 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: John Halpern 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
   
 /s/ John Halpern 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
 299,998.96 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
 202,702 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 405,404 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or X 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Freebird Partners, LP 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ Curtis Huff 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 Curtis Huff 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 President 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 549,999.08 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 371,621 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 743,242 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: IAF, LLC 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ Edward Bennett 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 Edward Bennett 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 Agent 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 764,998.68 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 516,891 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 1,033,782 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: James Sherblom 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ James Sherblom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 119,999.88 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 81,081 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 162,162 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Edward Sullivan 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ Edward Sullivan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
   
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
   
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
   
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 16,248.92 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 10,979 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 21,958 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Barbara Finck 
   
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
   
 /s/ Barbara Finck 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 9,998.88 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 6,756 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 13,512 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☒ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Stuart Randle 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ Stuart Randle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 49,998.84 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 33,783 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 67,566 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☒ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Roopom Banerjee 
    
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
    
 /s/ Roopom Banerjee 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 29,999.60 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 20,270 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 40,540 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☐ 4.99% or ☒ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Purchaser: Kirsten Flowers 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : 
   
 /s/ Kirsten Flowers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
 
 Address for Notice to Purchaser: 
 
 Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscription Amount: $ 
    
   
 19,999.24 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shares: 
    
   
 13,513 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Common Warrants: 
    
 to purchase 27,026 shares of Common Stock 
    
 Beneficial Ownership Blocker ☒ 4.99% or ☐ 9.99% or ☐ 19.99% 
 
 
    
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EIN/Tax ID Number: 
   
   
   
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
Exhibit A 
 Form of Warrant (attached)
Exhibit B 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 (attached)